For popular culture, it was the first day of the new millennium and new century.
Year 2000 problemY2K passes without the serious, widespread computer failures and malfunctions that had been predicted.
It is the first day of the 2000s decade.
The piece Longplayer begins. It will last 1000 years, finishing on December 31, 2999.
Following the creation of Ottawa "megacity", the city adopts a new flag.
Szeged's universities are unified into a single institution called the University of Szeged.
The hostages of Indian Airlines flight IC 814 return home after the Indian Governement releases the prisoners demanded by the hijackers.
Sweden disestablishes the Church of Sweden as the official state religion.
2000 Rose BowlIn front of a crowd of 93,731 at the Rose Bowl Stadium in Pasadena, California, the Wisconsin Badgers defeat the Stanford Cardinal by a score of 17–9.
Kosheh massacres21 Coptic Christians were the victims of a massacre in el-Kosheh village in Upper Egypt, located 450 kilometres south of Cairo.
Brühl train disasterIn Brühl, Germany, 9 people are killed when a train negotiated a low speed turnout at three times the correct speed and derailed, on the West Rhine Railway.
Tarja Halonen is elected the first Finnish female president.
Screamin' Jay Hawkins, Tom Landry, Charles M. Schulz, and Oliver die, of unrelated causes.
The final original Peanuts comic strip is published.
Archbishop Desmond Tutu makes an address at the University of Toronto. (University of Toronto)
UMBC's Poetry Symposium takes place, with the participation of poets Linda Pastan, Michael Harper, Ray Gonzalez, Leo Connellan, Forrest Gander, Derrick Gilbert, Terence Winch, and Michael Fallon. (UMBC)
This leap day is the last in a turn-of-the-century leap year until February 29, 2400.
Shooting of Kayla RollandSix-year-old Dedrick Owens shoots and kills Kayla Rolland, also six years old, at Theo J. Buell Elementary School in Mount Morris Township, Michigan. Rolland is currently the youngest victim of a school shooting. (CNN)
The Constitution of Finland is rewritten.
Hans Blix assumes the position of Executive Chairman of UNMOVIC.
A chartered Vologda Air Yakovlev Yak-40 stalls on takeoff and crashes at Sheremetyevo International Airport in Moscow, Russia, killing all nine people on board.
FBI arrests suspected purveyor of art forgeries, Ely Sakhai, in New York City.
The NASDAQ Composite Index reaches an all-time high of 5132.52. ([1])
2000 Taiwanese presidential electionChen Shui-bian is elected President of the Republic of China.
Jamil Abdullah Al-Amin, a former Black Panther, is captured after a gun battle that left a sheriff's deputy dead.
Austrian Airlines, Tyrolean Airways and Lauda Air join the Star Alliance.
Presidential elections in Russia: Vladimir Putin elected President.
America's Cup 2000 retained by Team New Zealand near Auckland. Prada Challenge 2000 lost 0-5 in a "best-of-9".
Boomerang is first broadcast on television in the United States.
Singapore Airlines joins the Star Alliance.
Japanese prime minister Obuchi Keizo suffers a stroke and falls into a coma.
Due to unpopularity, Microsoft decides to discontinue Microsoft Vizact, a program that allowed creation of interactive documents.
The website Rotten Tomatoes is officially launched on a full-time basis.
The 2000 United States Census is conducted.
United States v. Microsoft: Microsoft is ruled to have violated United States antitrust laws by keeping "an oppressive thumb" on its competitors.
Mori Yoshiro replaces Keizō Obuchi as prime minister of Japan.
Attack submarine ex-Trepang completes being recycled.
Tuanku Syed Putra ibni Almarhum Syed Hassan Jamalullail, Raja of Perlis dies after a reign of 55 years. He was the longest reigning monarch in the world since the death of Hirohito, Emperor of Japan.
Computer pioneer Datapoint Corporation files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
An earthquake of magnitude 6.5 strikes in Banggai Islands, Indonesia, killing 54 people.
After originating in Philippines, the ILOVEYOU computer virus, spreads quickly through the world.
A rare astronomical conjunction occurs on the New Moon including all seven of the traditional celestial bodies known from ancient times until the discovery of Uranus in 1781; this conjunction consists of the Sun and Moon, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn.
A rare conjunction occurs on the New Moon including all seven of the traditional celestial bodies known from ancient times up until 1781 with the discovery of Uranus. The conjunction consists of the Sun and Moon, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn.(NASA)
The Tate Modern opens in London.
Boo.com collapses due to lack of funds after six months.
Reginald Chua hijacks Philippine Airlines Flight 812, an Airbus A330-301 with 290 other people on board, just before landing at Ninoy Aquino International Airport near Manila, Philippines. He demands the passengers place their valuables in a bag, and then attempts to jump from the plane via the rear door using a homemade parachute, but panics and instead clings to the door; a male flight attendant then pushes him from the door and he falls from the plane over, Antipolo, Rizal. His body is found three days later near Llabac in Real, Quezon.
Israel withdraws IDF troops from southern Lebanon after 18 years.
The comic strip Bringing Up Father ends its 87-year run in newspapers.
An earthquake of magnitude 7.3 strikes in Bengkulu, Indonesia, killing 90 people and injuring 2000 more. (Boston University)
Susan Sarandon opens cheese speciality shop in Paris, France.
Section 28, a law preventing the promotion of homosexuality is repealed by the Scottish Parliament.
Palace Backpackers Hostel fire in Childers, Queensland, Australia, kills 15 people.
During a set of the band Pearl Jam at the Roskilde Festival near Copenhagen, 9 died and 26 are injured in the crowd.
A Philippine Air Force GAF Nomad experiences possible engine trouble after takeoff from Cagayancillo Airport on Cagayancillo off Palawan in the Philippines. Its pilot attempts to return to the airport, but the plane overshoots the runway and crashes into the Sulu Sea, killing 11 of the 12 people on board. Philippine governor Salvatore Socrates and Philippine Air Force Major General Santiago Madrid are among the dead.
Mexican general election, 2000Vicente Fox is elected president of Mexico, as candidate of the rightist National Action Party, ending 71 years of Institutional Revolutionary Party rule.
UEFA Euro 2000France beat Italy 2–1 in extra time with a golden goal at the final of the UEFA Euro 2000.
EADS is formed by the merger of Aérospatiale-Matra, Dornier Flugzeugwerke, DaimlerChrysler Aerospace AG and Construcciones Aeronáuticas SA.
In southern Nigeria, a leaking petroleum pipeline explodes killing about 250 villagers who were scavenging for gasoline.
Bashar al-Assad is confirmed as Syria's leader in a national referendum following the death of his father, Hafez al-Assad.
At Pine Lake in Central Alberta, a tornado tears through the Green Acres Campground killing 12 people and critically injuring more than 60.
The first series of Big Brother UK starts.
A powerful solar flare, later named the Bastille Day event, causes a geomagnetic storm on Earth.
After coming in too high to make a successful landing at Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Airport in Patna, India, Alliance Air Flight 7412, a Boeing 737-2A8, attempts to make a 360-degree left turn for another landing attempt but stalls and crashes, killing 55 of the 58 people on board and injuring all three survivors. On the ground, five more people die and two are injured.
Confederate submarine H.L. Hunley is raised to the surface after 136 years on the ocean floor.
A coalition of 28 U.S. states file a lawsuit against the major record labels, accusing them of keeping the prices of CDs fixed at artificially high prices since 1995.
Russian submarine Kursk sinks in the Barents Sea. All 118 men aboard die.
Ostankino Tower in Moscow catches fire, three people are killed.
For the first time in history, religious and spiritual leaders of the world's diverse faith traditions came together in New York to discuss how to forge a partnership of peace with the United Nations. (UN Millennium Peace Summit)
In New York City, the United Nations Millennium Summit begins with more than 180 world leaders present.
The last wholly Swedish-owned arms manufacturer, Bofors, is sold to American arms manufacturer United Defense.
World leaders attend the Millennium Summit at the United Nations Headquarters (until September 8, 2000).
Rage Against the Machine's Tim Commerford is arrested for climbing on the set at the 2000 MTV Video Music Awards after his band lost the award for Best Rock Video to Limp Bizkit. The director of Rage's "Sleep Now in the Fire" video, Michael Moore, suggests Commerford was probably "just bored" by the show. Britney Spears performed her hit single "Oops!... I Did It Again", becoming one of the VMA's most iconic and controversial performances due to her skin-coloured outfit. NSYNC performed their hit single "Bye Bye Bye", also becoming one of the VMA's most iconic performances ever.
The UK fuel protests take place, with refineries blockaded, and supply to the country's network of petrol stations halted.
Microsoft releases Windows ME.
End of UK Fuel protests.
The 2000 Summer Olympics are opened in Sydney, Australia.
Ukrainian journalist Georgiy Gongadze is last seen alive; this day is taken as the commemoration date of his death.
Anti-globalization protests in Prague, at the summit of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank.
The 2000 Summer Olympics close in Sydney, Australia.
Incorporation of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited & Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited under the Indian Companies Act, 1956.
October 2000 events (Israel) – 12 Arab citizens of Israel are killed by Israeli security forces after a riot/violent demonstration in solidarity with Palestinians under military rule in the West Bank and Gaza.
The Beatles release a hardcover book version of The Beatles Anthology, containing newly published photos and interviews with band members. The book went straight to the top of the New York Times bestsellers list.
EMI and Warner Music Group withdraw their application to the European Commission for a proposed $20 billion merger due to regulators' concerns. The merger would have concentrated 80% of the European music business into the hands of just four major labels.
President Slobodan Milošević leaves office after widespread demonstrations throughout Serbia and the withdrawal of Russian support. This political event became known as 5th October Revolution in Serbia.
250 million US gallons (950,000 m3) of coal sludge spill in Martin County, Kentucky. Considered a greater environmental disaster than the Exxon Valdez oil spill.
Sports software company Recreational Technologies ends its attempt to become the primary provider of MLB scouting software, laying off 90% of its development staff.
In Aden, Yemen, the USS Cole is badly damaged by two suicide bombers who placed a small boat laden with explosives alongside the United States Navy destroyer, killing 17 crew members and wounding at least 39.
The Lowry theatre and gallery centre in Salford, England is officially open by the Queen Elizabeth II.
Serbia is admitted to the United Nations as the 190th member
The first resident crew enters the International Space Station.
A mutiny takes place at the Queen Elizabeth Barracks in Suva, Fiji. Four soldiers are killed.
Widespread flooding throughout England and Wales after days of heavy rain.
Died: Stephanie Lawrence, 50, English musical theatre actress (liver disease)
Phil Goff, Foreign Minister of New Zealand, openly accuses Lieutenant Colonel Filipo Tarakinikini of involvement in the mutiny of November 2.
Died: Roger Peyrefitte, 93, French diplomat and author
Died: L. Sprague de Camp, 92, US science fiction and fantasy author
U.S. presidential election, 2000: Republican challenger and Governor of Texas George W. Bush defeats Democrat Vice President Al Gore by the electoral college, despite Gore winning the popular votes, but the final outcome is not known for over a month because of disputed votes in Florida, until 12 December 2000 the US Supreme Court stop the recount.
A criminal gang raids the Millennium Dome to steal The Millennium Star diamond but police surveillance catches them in the act.
Vicente Fox takes office as President of Mexico.
Miss World pageant held in London's Millennium Dome. Priyanka Chopra wins the title.
The Backstreet Boys debuts with 1.6 million with Black & Blue and becomes the first artists in history to achieve back-to-back million-plus first week sales. It also sells 5 million worldwide and sets a record for the best International Sales Week in History.
The Smashing Pumpkins played what was intended to be their farewell concert at the Metro Theater. Even though the band later reunited, Corgan viewed it as the end of an era. [1]
Sarai Banjara rail disaster46 people killed and 150 injured when a freight train derailed into the path of a passenger train in the Punjab, India.
The 2000 MAC Championship Game (American football) is played at Marshall Stadium in Huntington, West Virginia, USA[2] and is won by the Marshall Thundering Herd.
The UK Snooker Championship is won by John Higgins.
Died: Miklós Szabó, 91, Hungarian athlete and former world record-holder at 2000 metres and 2 miles.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1330 is unanimously adopted and extends provisions relating to the export of Iraqi petroleum or petroleum products in return for humanitarian aid for a further 2000 days.[3]
Municipal elections are held in South Africa, to elect members to the local governing councils.
Israeli–Palestinian conflict: A Hamas suicide car bomber detonates in the city of Netanya, wounding 50. (Jewish Virtual Library)
A black monolith measuring approximately nine feet tall appears in Seattle's Magnuson Park, placed by "Some People", a group of anonymous artists; the monolith is in reference to the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey.
Greece adopts the euro as its currency. (The Guardian)
In the Gregorian calendar and its followers, it was the first day of the new millennium and the new century.
The United States Congress, presided over by Vice President Al Gore as President of the Senate, certifies George Walker Bush's Electoral College victory and thus as the winner of the U.S. presidential election.
Shenzhou 2, an unmanned Chinese spacecraft, was launched.
Apple introduce their iTunes digital media player application at the Macworld Expo in San Francisco.
The Federal Trade Commission approved the merger of AOL and Time Warner to form AOL Time Warner.
A 7.6 magnitude earthquake hits all of El Salvador, killing at least 800 people and leaving thousands homeless.
Wikipedia, a Wiki free content encyclopedia, goes online.
Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman announced that they had separated.
Likud Party leader Ariel Sharon wins election as Prime Minister of Israel.
Disney California Adventure opens in Anaheim, California.
American submarine USS Greeneville accidentally strikes and sinks Japanese fishing vessel Ehime-Maru.
NEAR Shoemaker spacecraft touchdown in the "saddle" region of 433 Eros becoming the first spacecraft to land on an asteroid.
A 6.6 magnitude earthquake hits El Salvador, killing at least 400.
All your base are belong to us hits wider Internet with flash/video version, becoming an instant hit.
Iraq disarmament crisis: British and U.S. forces carry out bombing raids, attempting to disable Iraq's air defense network.
Iraq disarmament crisis: Baghdad is bombed by US and UK war planes, killing three people.
FBI agent Robert Hanssen is arrested and charged with spying for Russia for 25 years.
Civil war in Afghanistan (1996-2001): The Taliban began their destruction of the Buddhas of Bamyan, in the Hazarajat region of central Afghanistan.
It is the last day on the Howard Stern Show for Jackie Martling.
A U.S. Air Force Materials Command C-23 Sherpa transport crashes during stormy weather in the U.S. state of Georgia, killing 21.
Dissident Irish Republican campaign: A massive car bomb explodes in front of the BBC Television Centre in London, seriously injuring 11 people. The attack was attributed to the Real IRA.
In Mecca, 35 Muslim pilgrims are crushed to death during the annual Hajj pilgrimage.
The SpongeBob SquarePants You Wish" TV special airs on Nickelodeon.
This day is the 686th term of the Leibniz series at 3:49:28. This term in both sequences are 0.785033732 and 3.140134928 respectively.
The World Wrestling Federation (now World Wrestling Entertainment) (WWF/E) purchases rival organization World Championship Wrestling (WCW) for an estimated $7 million.
The Russian Mir space station is disposed of, breaking up in the atmosphere before falling into the southern Pacific Ocean near Fiji.
A chartered Gulfstream III jet crashes into a hillside during approach into Aspen, Colorado, killing 18 people.
An EP-3E United States Navy spy plane collides with a Chinese People's Liberation Army fighter jet.
Former president of Federal Republic of Yugoslavia Slobodan Milošević surrenders to police special forces, to be tried on charges of war crimes.
The first legal same-sex marriage in the Netherlands is celebrated.
An Mi-17 helicopter crashes into mountain in south of Hanoi, Vietnam, killing 16. The flight was carrying United States armed forces personnel searching for MIAs from Vietnam War.
Tiger Woods wins the 2001 Masters Tournament, completing the "Tiger Slam", with Woods becoming the first golfer to hold all four professional major titles simultaneously, having won the U.S. Open, Open Championship, and PGA Championship in 2000.
The detained crew of a United States EP-3E aircraft that landed in Hainan, People's Republic of China, after a collision with an F-8 fighter, is released.
The anti-globalization movement holds a People's Summit and large protest marches, some of which are forcibly put down by police, against the FTAA summit in Quebec City, Quebec.
Dennis Tito, the first 'space tourist' in space lifts off in a Russian rocket heading for the International Space Station.
Chandra Levy disappears while jogging.
First Apple Store opens in New York City.
The Oldham riots take place in Oldham, Greater Manchester, after a string of events create tension between White and Asian communities.
Barbara and Jenna Bush prosecuted for under-age drinking after posing as over 21 in a Texas drinking establishment.
The popular Bratz, rival to the Barbie doll, debuts.
Several members of the Nepalese royal family are killed in the Nepalese royal massacre
Houston, Texas, is devastated by flooding when Tropical Storm Allison dumps 36 inches (914 mm) of rain on the city. Damage exceeds five billion American dollars over a 4-day period until June 9th.
The Harehills riots takes place in Harehills, Leeds, UK, after a questionable arrest of an Asian man for possession of an illegal car tax disc.
Tony Blair's Labour Party elected for second term in UK general election.
Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh is executed at a complex in Terre Haute, Indiana.
Andrea Yates drowns her five children in a bathtub and confesses to her crimes.
A total solar eclipse happened.
Aliso Viejo officially becomes the 34th city in Orange County, California.
Alliant International University is formed.
The world's first self-contained artificial heart is implanted in Robert Pools.
A Vladivostokavia Tupolev Tu-154 jetliner crashes on approach to landing at Irkutsk, Russia, killing 145.
The Bradford riots take place in Manningham, Bradford, UK, after clashes in the city centre between National Front members and members of the local Asian community.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. wins the Pepsi 400 in the first NASCAR NEXTEL Cup Series race at the Daytona International Speedway since the death of Dale Earnhardt. Teammate Michael Waltrip ran second, blocking for Jr., an exact mirror of the Daytona 500 where Jr. blocked for Waltrip en route to his first 500 win.
Goran Ivanišević won Wimbledon tennis tournament and became the first, and so far the last, wildcard to achieve that accord.
The International Olympic Committee session in Moscow, Russia. Beijing wins the bid as the host city for the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In Baltimore, Maryland, a 60-car train derailment occurs in a tunnel sparking a fire that will last days and virtually shut down downtown Baltimore (see Howard Street Tunnel fire).
UK politician and novelist Jeffrey Archer, sentenced to four years in prison for perjury and perverting the course of justice.
Law goes into effect in Germany legalizing same-sex registered partnerships.
Robert Mueller confirmed as the new FBI director.
The United States-based Central Intelligence Agency issued a warning to the President of the United States that attacks were eminent in the United States or U.S. interests.
US President George W. Bush announces his support for federal funding of limited research on embryonic stem cells.
Film: Osmosis Jones played by Chris Rock, starring Bill Murray
TV series: Oswald
Film: Bubble Boy
Died: Aaliyah, contemporary R&B and pop singer, dies in a plane crash at the age of 22.
The German national football team lose a World Cup qualifier for only the second time at home in their history (including as West Germany) by a heavy 1-5 margin to an England team managed by Sven-Göran Eriksson in the Olympic Stadium in Munchen (Munich), ending a significant run of England losses to Germany.
The United States, Canada and Israel withdraw from the U.N. Conference on Racism because they feel that the issue of Zionism is overemphasized.
Google is awarded U.S. Patent 6,285,999, for the PageRank search algorithm used in the Google search engine.
Peru's attorney general files homicide charges against ex-President Alberto Fujimori.
United States v. Microsoft: The United States Justice Department announces that it was no longer seeking to break-up software maker Microsoft and will instead seek a lesser antitrust penalty.
Michael Jackson performs his first 30th anniversary (of his career) concert in New York City.
Ahmed Shah Massoud, leader of the Afghan Northern Alliance, is assassinated in Afghanistan.
The Country Bears concert known as the Country Bear Jamboree closed its doors in Disneyland for the last time. The show continues in Walt Disney World and Tokyo Disneyland.
At exactly 01:46:40 UTC, one billion seconds since the Unix epoch (January 1, 1970 00:00:00 UTC) pass and the Unix billenium is reached.
Michael Jackson performs his second 30th anniversary (because of his career) concert in New York.
Aftermath of the September 11 attacks:The official count of bodies found at the site of the World Trade Center is 363; 301 have been identified.NATO's secretary general, Lord Robertson announces that the United States provided "clear and compelling proof" in oral briefings to NATO al-Qaeda's responsibility who affirm the invocation of the mutual defense clause of the organization's charter.8 p.m. EDT: Come Together: A Night for John Lennon's Words and Music, a tribute to John Lennon that became a concert of prayer and healing for New York City to benefit the relief efforts, hosted by Kevin Spacey and featuring Dave Matthews, Moby, Stone Temple Pilots, Nelly Furtado, Shelby Lynne, Alanis Morissette, Cyndi Lauper, The Isley Brothers, Lou Reed, Marc Anthony, Natalie Merchant, Yolanda Adams, Sean Lennon and Yoko Ono, is held at Radio City Music Hall and simultaneously broadcast live on the TNT and WB networks. It had been scheduled before the attack to be taped September 20 and broadcast on October 9 to promote a non-violent world.
Swissair seeks for bankruptcy protection and grounds its entire fleet.
Georgian-Abkhazian conflict: A group of Chechen and Georgian fighters led by the commander Ruslan Gelayev entered the gorge from the Georgian side and attacked the village Giorgievskoe.
Siberia Airlines Flight 1812 crashes over the Black Sea en route from Tel Aviv Israel to Novosibirsk Russia – 78 dead.
First case of anthrax in the US (attack) is announced by federal officials.
War in Afghanistan (2001-present): The United States invades Afghanistan, with participation from other nations.
Linate Airport disaster: MD-87 of Scandinavian Airlines collides first with a private plane and then a building at Linate Airport in Milan, Italy, killing 100.
Girma Wolde-Giorgis succeeds Negasso Gidada as President of Ethiopia.
The 2001 anthrax attacks continue as anthrax letters are mailed from Princeton, New Jersey, to Senators Tom Daschle of South Dakota and Patrick Leahy of Vermont.
NASA's Galileo spacecraft passes within 112 miles of Jupiter's moon Io.
Derek Jeter hits the MLB's first November home run at the World Series.
Hurricane Michelle hits Cuba, destroying crops and thousands of homes.
Establishment of the Police Service of Northern Ireland
Twentieth Century Fox's anti-terrorist drama action show 24 (TV series) premieres.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer's musical episode "Once More, with Feeling" was premiered on the UPN network.
The super-sonic commercial aircraft Concorde resumes flying after a 15-month break.
In New York City, American Airlines Flight 587 crashes minutes after takeoff from John F. Kennedy International Airport, killing all 260 on board.
2001 Attack on Afghanistan: Taliban forces abandon Kabul, the capital of Afghanistan, ahead of advancing Afghan Northern Alliance troops (Northern Alliance fighters took Kabul on November 14).
Doha Round: The World Trade Organization ends a four-day ministerial conference in Doha, Qatar.
Symbionese Liberation Army member Kathleen Soliah (Sara Jane Olsen) withdraws her previous guilty plea.
Enron files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection five days after Dynegy canceled a US$8.4 billion buyout bid (as of 2003[update] this was the largest bankruptcy in the history of the United States).
Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah ibni Almarhum Sultan Hisamuddin Alam Shah Al-Haj, Sultan of Selangor and 11th Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia dies in office.
Tuanku Syed Sirajuddin, Raja of Perlis becomes the 12th Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia
Annular solar eclipse
Battle of Tora Bora fought between Coalition Forces and Terrorist Allies and Osama Bin Laden and remaining Taliban forces escape by mule to Pakistan reported by former Delta Force commander going by the alias Dalton Fury.
Two men, Ahmed Agiza and Muhammad al-Zery, are secretly deported to Egypt from Sweden after a request from the United States in what is believed to be a CIA-led operation. (Washington Post)
The Argentine government of President Fernando De la Rúa collapses amidst rioting and violence throughout the country. See December 2001 riots (Argentina)
The People's Republic of China is granted permanent normal trade status with the United States.
Euro banknotes and coins become legal tender in 12 member states of the European Union.
Beer brewer Freddy Heineken (grandson of the brewery's founder) died in his home at the age of 78.
U.S. officials announce they have custody of Ibn al-Shaykh al-Libi.
The Israeli Army seizes the Karine A on the Red Sea, claiming the arms on the ship were bound for the Palestinian Authority.
Tom Daschle accuses President Bush and the Republicans of having caused the "most dramatic fiscal deterioration in our nation's history."
The United States Department of Labor announces that the United States unemployment rate rose to 5.8% in December.
U2, India.Arie, and Alicia Keys lead the nominations for the 44th Grammy Awards from the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences.
The movies Impostor, Eisenstein, Black Hawk Down, and Gosford Park are released in the U.S.
Milan Bandić, mayor of Zagreb tries to bribe a police officer after causing a car accident while driving under the influence of alcohol. This will lead to his resignation and a three-year-long hiatus in his mayor term
Charles J. Bishop, an American pilot, steals a Cessna 172 and crashes into Bank of America Tower in Tampa, Florida. This event will be remembered as the 2002 Tampa plane crash.
American football: Super Bowl XXXVI: New England Patriots 20, St. Louis Rams 17—one of the most astonishing upsets in Super Bowl history.
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell says that the United States is willing to sign a treaty with Russia on limiting strategic nuclear weapons, indicating a possible shift in administration policy after withdrawing, last December, from the Antiballistic Missile Treaty of 1972. President George W. Bush and President Vladimir Putin are set to hold an arms reduction summit meeting in Moscow in May. – Background material: nuclear disarmament, nuclear warfare, nuclear proliferation.
Proclamation by Mayor Martin O'Malley designating February 6, 2002, as "Beverly Lynn Burns Day" in Baltimore, Maryland.
The opening ceremony of the 2002 Winter Olympic Games, which are held in Salt Lake City.
John Entwistle plays his last show with The Who. He would die shortly after this performance.
Iraqi club Al-Shorta win the 2001–02 Umm Al Ma’arak (mother of all battles) Cup by defeating Al-Talaba 1-0 in the final.
British Telecommunications plc starts its US federal court case relating to a controversial patent that it claims gives it a monopoly on the technology of web links.
New British digital free-to-air television channels CBBC and CBeebies, launch at 6am from the BBC Television centre, London.
George W. Bush signs a secret national security council directive establishing the goals and objectives for going to war with Iraq, according to the book Rumsfeld's War by Rowan Scarborough.[1]
275 animal rights activists unite in front of the D.C. Neiman Marcus to demand that the company stop supporting the fur industry.[2]
Space Shuttle mission STS-109 is launched at 6:22 a.m.
The Bush Administration acknowledges the implementation of the Continuity of Operations Plan for the first time.
2001 U.S. Attack on Afghanistan: Army Chief Warrant Officer Stanley L. Harriman, of the Third Special Forces Group, is killed in an ambush along the road from Gardēz to the Shahi Kot Valley.
Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian sniper firing from a hill near Ofra kills seven Israel Defense Forces soldiers and three Israeli settlers, and wounds another six. He is later captured and imprisoned for life.
2001 U.S. Attack on Afghanistan: Seven American Special Operations Forces soldiers are killed as they attempt to infiltrate the Shahi Kot Valley on a low-flying helicopter reconnaissance mission. Around 3 a.m. local time a Boeing CH-47 Chinook helicopter was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade, causing a soldier to fall out and damaging a hydraulic line. The helicopter made an emergency landing a half-mile away. A second helicopter on the mission picked up the first helicopter's crew and flew to where the crew member had fallen. The soldiers soon came under heavy fire, and six were killed. The remaining soldiers returned fire and retrieved the bodies before returning to base.
Bubble fusion: Scientific papers for and against the observation of apparent nuclear fusion in imploding bubbles become available online. If this can be repeated, this is an important scientific breakthrough. Other physicists fear that this may be a repeat of the cold fusion fiasco.
Robert Mugabe wins the Zimbabwe elections with 54% of the vote to Morgan Tsvangirai's 40% on a turnout of 55.9%. His victory is controversial and comes amid claims that many have been prevented from voting and there has been a campaign of intimidation. But election observers from South Africa and the Organisation of African Unity state that the outcome is legitimate.
In Australia, the first edition of the Melbourne edition of Seven News is produced at the station's new Docklands studios.
Israel ground troops invade the West Bank and Gaza Strip in her largest offensive since the 1982 invasion of Lebanon. Dozens of tanks occupy Ramallah. Thirty-seven total dead so far, Israeli and Palestinian.
Coheed and Cambria release their first album, The Second Stage Turbine Blade, on Equal Vision Records.
The Angolan Civil War ends after 26 years of fighting since Angolan independence in 1975.
Layne Staley lead singer and co-lyricist of the rock group Alice In Chains found dead in home.
As the Israeli–Palestinian conflict intensifies, the United States repeats its demands to Israel that it should pull back its troops.
There are reports that the Poincaré conjecture may have been solved by Martin Dunwoody.
More than half a million people march on the streets of Caracas protesting against the Venezuelan government.
Ten nations deposit their ratifications for the International Criminal Court at a United Nations ceremony, bringing the total to 66, well above the 60 needed to bring the Statute into force. The ICC will therefore come into force on 1 July 2002.
More than half a million people march on the streets of Caracas protesting against the Venezuelan government.
An empty American Airlines jet parked outside a hangar at Los Angeles International Airport trolls through a fence before coming to a stop on a service road.
A truck full of explosives was detonated close to the El Ghriba synagogue in Djerba, Tunisia killing 21 people, of whom 14 were German tourists, 2 French nationals and 5 Tunisians. Al Qaeda claimed responsibility for the Ghriba synagogue bombing.
Coup d'état in Venezuela. President Hugo Chávez is brought to military barracks. Military announces transitional government consisting of mix of civilians and military headed by leader of the Chamber of Commerce (Venezuelan Federation of Chambers of Commerce), Pedro Carmona, who immediately repeals constitution, dissolves supreme court and parliament.
Squatters celebrated the reappropriation of Can Masdeu after a 3-day standoff with the Spanish national police resulting in the one of few successful attempts to resist a squat eviction in recent history.
Jacques Chirac wins the French presidential elections with 82.21% of the vote to 17.79% for Jean-Marie Le Pen, the turnout was 79.71%. Chirac appoints Jean-Pierre Raffarin as his prime minister, replacing Lionel Jospin.
World Wrestling Federation is renamed to World Wrestling Entertainment due to trademark issues with World Wildlife Fund
Internazionale awkwardly hands over the Serie A Scudetto to their bitter rivals Juventus after losing away to SS Lazio, 4–2.
Recent celebrity deaths: In the Netherlands, controversial right wing politician Pim Fortuyn is shot dead when leaving a radio studio, nine days before the general election for the lower house of parliament.
As a result of an ongoing lawsuit from the World Wildlife Fund over the use of the initials 'WWF,' the company formerly known as the World Wrestling Federation is forced to change its name to World Wrestling Entertainment.
Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian suicide bomber kills 15 and wounds 58 in a billiards and gambling club in Rishon LeZion at approximately 11 p.m. local time, while Ariel Sharon is meeting with President Bush in Washington D.C.
Compaq Computer Company is finally merged into Hewlett-Packard Corporation.
Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian suicide bomber badly injures himself near Megiddo, southeast of Haifa, when the explosives he was carrying go off prematurely.
Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Muhammad al-Madani, governor of Bethlehem, leaves the Church of the Nativityorces and moves tanks into position for an expected incursion into the Gaza Strip in retaliation for the most recent suicide bombing.
Sweden passes a law that allows homosexual couples to apply for both the national and the international adoption of children.
In a watershed moment for soccer in the United States, the United States men's national soccer team upsets pre-tournament favorites Portugal 3–2, in their opening match of the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Singer and Grammy Award winner Robert Kelly (aka R. Kelly) was arrested and charged with having sex with an underaged girl. He was sentenced 2 years.
A 32-foot meteor explodes in the airspace west of Kashmir, raising fears that misidentifited meteor explosions could spark a nuclear war.[1]
Robbin Crosby of Ratt dies from a heroin overdose.
Lennox Lewis knocks out Mike Tyson in an IBF and WBC championship boxing match in Memphis.
Croatia beats Italy 2–1 at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
The Hayman Fire begins, the largest of the Colorado wildfires.
Terrorism: The U.S. government announced that it had prevented an al-Qaida attempt to construct and detonate a radiological weapon (sometimes called a "dirty bomb") in the United States.
Kashmir crisis: Pakistan and India appear to have stepped down their rhetoric over the Kashmir crisis, reducing the threat of nuclear war in the subcontinent slightly.
A Russian Tupolev Tu-154 airliner and a Boeing 757 operated by DHL collide at 35,000 ft over Überlingen, due to failure of correct communication from ground-to-air. The 69 people aboard the Tupolev (mainly Russian schoolchildren) and the two pilots of the Boeing are all killed.
Nicotine water is ruled illegal by the Food and Drug Administration.
Entertainment – Yahoo! Internet Life magazine folds.
Medicine – The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) of the United States will be headed by an infectious disease expert.
Technology – A US federal judge decided that Microsoft is not required to reveal its lobbying contacts.
Columbia Pictures publicly distributed Men in Black II into movie theaters.
Recent celebrity deaths: Ted Williams, baseball player, aged 83.
Organization of African Unity disbanded, African Union created.
George W. Bush gives a stern speech addressing American accounting scandals.
Recent celebrity deaths: Rod Steiger, American actor, aged 77.
Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian suicide bombing claims nine lives, near Safed; there is a shooting attack in Jerusalem, claiming 2; there is an attack upon a settler family, killing the parents. Not all of the victims of these attacks were Israeli Jews; some were Israeli Arabs and Druze.
The water parasite Cryptosporidium was discovered in drinking water as a result of the 2002 Glasgow floods.
The closing ceremony of the XVII Commonwealth Games which had started on July 25.
Recent celebrity deaths: Chick Hearn, pro-basketball announcer dies at the age of 85.
Stock market downturn of 2002: U.S. indices continue heavy losses from the previous week and fall by over three percent on the day, NASDAQ falling below its July 23 low.
British cases of Legionnaires' disease continue to rise, to a total of 56 diagnosed cases so far, in that country's largest outbreak for many years.
Microsoft has announced that it is to make some concessions towards the proposed final settlement of the United States v. Microsoft case, ahead of the judge's verdict.
The gun turret of the USS Monitor was raised from the sea bottom off the coast of North Carolina, where it had lain since sinking in 1869.
Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli forces kill six Palestinians: Israeli undercover soldiers kill four Palestinian militants wound three in a gun-fight in Tulkarm. An Israeli sniper kills Hussam Hamdan, a member of Hamas in the Gaza Strip. Israeli troops and 30 tanks push into northern Gaza, killing a Palestinian policeman. These come in response to the attacks of August 4 listed above.
Three members of Manchester rock band Oasis have been injured in a head-on car crash in Indianapolis while on tour in the U.S. None were seriously injured.
Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Arab League disavowed the final statement made by the Zayed Center for Coordination and Follow-Up, claiming that they adhere to a policy of supporting Israel's right to exist within pre-1967 borders, and restating that the conflict in the Middle East is between Palestinians and Israelis, not all Jews.
Stock market downturn of 2002: The Nikkei stock average falls 3.2% to 9,217.04, an 18-year low.
2002 US Open: Lindsay Davenport defeated Yelena Bovina to advance to the semi-finals against the winner of Serena Williams vs. Daniela Hantuchová; Monica Seles defeated Martina Hingis to advance to the quarter-finals against Venus Williams.
Argentina defeated the United States, 87–80, at the World Basketball Championships in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was the first loss ever in international play for a United States team containing National Basketball Association players.
The Oakland Athletics baseball team won their 20th consecutive game, an American League record.
Laura Diaz joined rival KCBS-TV after leaving KABC-TV, where she worked for 18 years.
Glenn Tilton joined United Airlines as President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
An assassination attempt was made on President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan in Kandahar. A gunman wearing the uniform of the new Afghan Army opened fire, wounding the Governor of Kandahar and an American Special Operations officer. The gunman and one of the President's bodyguards were killed.
September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack/Memorials and Services: The US Congress convenes for a one-day joint session in Federal Hall in New York City, the original capital of the United States.
2002 US Open: Serena Williams defeats Venus Williams.
Hurricane Lili strikes near Intercoastal City, Louisiana, as a Category One hurricane weakened from the significant Category Four storm it was just 10 hours earlier.
Bertrand Delanoë, mayor of Paris, gets stabbed in the abdomen at city hall during the Nuits Blanches event.
The Limburg, a French oil tanker, explodes off the coast of Yemen, in a terrorist attack.
Israeli-Palestinian conflict: In the West Bank village of Akraba, Jewish settlers fire upon Palestinians picking olives, shooting dead 24-year-old Hani Yusuf and wounding another. Israelis soldiers shoot dead Samir Nursi, an Islamic Jihad gunman, in a gun battle in the Jenin refugee camp.
Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops raid Khan Yunis in the Gaza Strip, killing 13 (10 from a helicopter missile) and wounding as many as 100, after Palestinians fire a rocket at a Jewish settlement in the area. Later Palestinians kidnap and kill Rajeh Abu Lehiya, chief of the Palestinian riot police, and two others die in gunfire during a police-Hamas supporters conflict.
Stock market downturn of 2002: Nasdaq falls 1.8% to 1119.40, the Dow Jones Industrial Average index falls 1.4% to 7422.84, and the S&P falls 1.91% to 785.28, levels not reached since August 1996, mid-1997, and spring of 1997 respectively.
Announcement of the discovery of Quaoar, a planetoid object circling the Sun.
Public Interest group Harvardwatch released a report on Harken's partnership with Harvard University.
The European Commission of the European Union has announced that ten countries – Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia – have met its criteria for entry, opening the way for an expansion of the EU from 15 member states to 25. The European Parliament has still to consider each candidate individually and the final decision will require the approval of the current member states.
Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom is making various ceremonial appearances in Canada in her role as the Queen of Canada.
An earthquake has killed 29 in the town of San Giuliano di Puglia, in Campobasso, Molise, in Italy. Twenty-six of the victims were children killed then the roof of their school collapsed. An estimated 5,500 Italians are left homeless.
Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly announced her findings in the United States v. Microsoft antitrust case after the close of the financial markets.
Recent celebrity deaths: Charles Sheffield, science fiction author and physicist, dies of brain cancer at age 67
Gay Games open in Sydney, Australia.
The Godless Americans March on Washington brings together 2,000 atheists, freethinkers, and humanists in a mile-long parade down the National Mall.
2002 Denali earthquake: An earthquake measuring 7.9 on the moment magnitude scale occurs near Denali National Park in Alaska. The earthquake was the largest recorded in the interior of the United States for more than 150 years and was the strongest ever recorded in the interior of Alaska. No fatalities and only a few injuries were reported.
Yemen: An AGM-114 Hellfire missile launched by an American drone airplane destroyed a car carrying what the United States claims were six members of al-Qaeda, including the mastermind of the USS Cole attack, Qaed Salim Sinan al-Harethi.
Turkey: Turkish Justice and Development Party (AK Party) has won the Turkish general election. The AK Party campaigned on economic and social issues, and downplayed its Islamist origins. The AK Party's chairman Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is banned from holding political office, so someone else will become Turkish Prime Minister. Opponents of the AK Party have expressed concerns that the AK Party's victory may threaten the secular nature of the Turkish state.
Human rights: Amnesty International has released a 74-page report accusing the Israel Defense Forces of war crimes and human rights violations.
Internet: Country code top-level domain administrators have started to talk about taking back control of their parts of the domain name system that has been controlled by ICANN since the death of Jon Postel. They have complained that ICANN is unaccountable, dictatorial and unresponsive to users' needs.
Football (soccer): Real Madrid has defeated Olimpia Paraguay to win the Intercontinental Cup.
Today is the Islamic festival of Eid ul-Fitr, marking the end of Ramadan for Muslims worldwide.
United Airlines, the world's second-biggest carrier, appears headed for the largest bankruptcy filing in airline industry history. The company's efforts to avoid a Chapter 11 filing apparently ended Wednesday when a government board rejected its bid for $1.8 billion in federal loan guarantees.
The Supreme Court of Canada ruled that the Harvard mouse, designed for its usefulness in cancer research, is not patentable. In its view such a higher life form does not fall within the definition of invention.
At Arusha, Tanzania, President Pierre Buyoya of Burundi and Pierre Nkurunziza, leader of the Hutu insurgents Forces for the Defense of Democracy (FDD), signed a cease-fire accord. The goal is to end a nine-year civil war.
The Chechen separatist Akhmed Zakayev has returned to London, where he is expected to seek asylum. He was arrested but released soon afterwards on bail paid by Vanessa Redgrave.
Israeli–Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops backed by tanks and helicopter gunships swept into the Bureij refugee camp in the Gaza Strip on Friday, provoking a gunbattle and killing 10 people, Palestinian witnesses and medics said.
Venezuela's oil exports ground to a halt, negotiations stalled and protesters faced off on the streets as prospects dimmed for a peaceful resolution to a strike designed to unseat President Hugo Chávez.
In continuing legal action against Exxon over the Exxon Valdez oil spill in 1989, punitive damages against the company have been reduced from USD$5 billion to $4 billion. The company is expected to appeal.
Archeologists digging near the Gulf Coast of Mexico have discovered an inscribed seal and fragments of a plaque which contain writing, pushing back the date for the first appearance of writing in Mesoamerica to about 650 BC. It also suggests that the Olmec culture developed writing, not the Zapotecs.
In Hong Kong, 500,000 people march to protest the rush into legislation of Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23, the anti-subversion law. Critics say the law is both too broad and too vague.
After many years of controversy, the United Kingdom House of Commons, the lower house of parliament, again votes in favour of legislation to ban fox hunting.
Italy Premier Silvio Berlusconi's government assumed the rotating EU presidency.
The European Parliament approves two laws that regulate the selling of genetically modified food in the EU territory, requiring labelling of all GM products (products with more than 0.9% genetically modified parts) and allowing member states to separate GM food and non-GM food and crops.
On taking up the EU presidency, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi makes an embarrassing remark, causing an uproar of criticism from the 626-seat European Parliament and the European media, by insulting the German MEP Martin Schulz (SPD) with the words "Mr. Schulz, I know there is a producer in Italy who is making a film on the Nazi concentration camps. I will suggest you for the role of kapo. You'd be perfect."
The results of a Royal Commission on renewing the relationship between Canada and the province of Newfoundland and Labrador is released. (Canadian Government)
There are reports of the discovery of a possible new type of subatomic particle, a pentaquark. (BBC)
The International Olympic Committee announced in Prague, Czech Republic, that Vancouver, British Columbia will host the 2010 Winter Olympics.
The World Meteorological Organisation publishes a report stating that recent extreme weather conditions around the world may mark changes in global climate caused by global warming. (News.independent.co.uk)
President Bush continued to consider whether or not to contribute United States troops to a peacekeeping mission in Liberia. (New York Times)
Occupation of Iraq:The firefight in which more than 50 Iraqis are reported killed is now thought to have been an attempted currency heist. [1]One GI is killed Monday in fighting west of Baghdad. [2]
World AIDS Day:US Health Secretary Tommy Thompson warns that the world is losing the war against AIDS. Thompson said, "We need America, the European Union and everybody. Nobody is going to be spared unless we all come together in the fight against this disease." [3]UK Secretary of State for International Development Hilary Benn announces that the UK's funding for UNAids will rise to GBP £6 million in 2004; this figure compares to the UK's projected Iraq War-related costs of approximately GBP £3 billion. [4]UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan reportedly tells the BBC that the world is losing the war against AIDS because governments remain indifferent to the threat. [5]Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao marks World AIDS Day by visiting AIDS victims in a Beijing hospital. [6]
The UN's International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda hands down a life sentence to Juvenal Kajelijeli, a former mayor of Mukingo, for his role in the 1994 genocide in which more than 500,000 Rwandans were killed. [7]
King Harald V of Norway is announced to be suffering from cancer of the bladder; he will be operated on next Monday, December 8. During the King's illness and two to three month convalescence, Crown Prince Haakon will be acting regent. [8]
President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [9]
Boeing Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit resigns, a week after the aviation giant fires its Chief Financial Officer in an ethics scandal. The move comes as the company faces scrutiny by the Defense Department for a government plan to acquire Boeing 767 planes for use as refueling tankers and answers questions about the ousters of two executives for ethical misconduct during the period it was being negotiated. Former McDonnell Douglas CEO Harry Stonecipher will succeed Condit as CEO, while former Hewlett-Packard chairman and CEO Lewis Platt takes over as chairman. [10]
In Flandreau, South Dakota, jury selection begins in the manslaughter trial of former South Dakota Governor and current US Congressman Bill Janklow. [11]
The cross country cycling organization "LOCO" was founded in Shreveport / Bossier City.
The Xbox Music Mixer was released.
Venezuelan opposition leaders claim to have gathered enough petition signatures to force a referendum to recall President Hugo Chávez; in response, the government alleges the four-day signature drive was tainted by "massive fraud". [12] [13]
Montréal/Dorval International Airport is renamed Montréal/Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport.
MySpace had its official launch.
A British Airways flight from London to Washington, D.C. is canceled one day after the same flight is delayed for three hours on the tarmac at Dulles International Airport for security screening. (Yahoo)
State papers released under Britain's Thirty Year Rule suggest that the United States considered using force to seize oil fields in the Middle East during an oil embargo by Arab states in 1973. (BBC) State papers also released reveal that, contrary to what was believed at the time, Princess Margaret of the United Kingdom would not have lost her title and Civil List payments if she had married Group Captain Peter Townsend, a divorced War hero in the 1950s. (BBC) (Sky News)
Comparing planned United States finger-printing and photographic security controls on travelers from Brazil and other nations to Nazi actions, a Brazilian judge orders the fingerprinting of all arriving United States citizens in response. (Yahoo)
Haiti's bicentennial celebrations erupt in violence. (Jamaica Observer)
The Republic of Ireland takes over the presidency of the European Union, succeeding Italy, whose presidency is widely criticised as having been a failure due to the collapse of efforts to adopt a European constitution. (RTE News)
Ireland's Roman Catholic and Protestant Boy Scouts organisations merge after nearly a century of division, in spite of efforts by the Roman Catholic bishops to block the merger.
No leap second is added this year. This is the fifth year in a row without a leap-second after 28 years of adding leap-seconds to compensate for the slowing of the Earth's rotation. (CNN)
South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation, composed of foreign ministers from seven south Asian countries (Pakistan, India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Maldives and Bhutan) meeting in Islamabad agree to create the South Asian Free Trade Area (SAFTA) by 2006. (NDTV)
Following Time Warner's withdrawal, the management of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer accepts a take-over offer from Sony worth just under US$3 billion. (National Post)
A Fathers 4 Justice protester dressed as Batman breaches security at Buckingham Palace and scales a wall. He remains on a balcony for five hours before being arrested by police. (CNN)
United States Secretary of State Colin Powell says that he saw no direct connection between Saddam Hussein's former regime in Iraq and the September 11, 2001, attacks. During an interview on NBC's Meet the Press, Powell also said he believes that if John Kerry were president at the time of a terrorist attack he would respond in a "robust" way. (Washington Post)
The "pre-election offensive" against the Iraqi resistance continues in the rebel-held city of Fallujah, with air-strikes killing at least 16, including women and children. Joint U.S.–Iraqi forces say that they are targeting Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, who is linked to al-Qaeda. The U.S. military says it is investigating an incident that occurred September 12 in Baghdad in which five people, including an al-Arabiya journalist broadcasting live, were killed in a helicopter attack. (Reuters) (BBC)
In Afghanistan, 22 insurgents believed to be members of the Taliban and al-Qaeda are killed in the province of Zabul. Zabul Province is widely regarded as a Taleban stronghold. (BBC)
Former UDA member Ken Barrett pleads guilty to the murder of solicitor Pat Finucane in 1989—one of the most controversial murders of Northern Ireland's Troubles. (Reuters) (BBC)
2004 Atlantic hurricane season:Hurricane Ivan, still at Category Five strength, continues to travel northward, causing damage throughout the western Caribbean. As of 23:00 local time (0300 UTC September 13), it is located about 285 km (175 miles) southeast of the western tip of Cuba, and it is predicted that the eye of Ivan will pass over that part of the island Monday afternoon or evening. (Reuters) (NOAA/NHC)The Cuban government evacuates between 800,000 and 1.3 million people from coastal cities and developed areas. Cubans have begun calling the hurricane "Ivan the Terrible". (Reuters) (New York Times) (NOAA/NHC)A storm surge from Hurricane Ivan travels at least 1 km (0.6 mile) inland on Grand Cayman, the largest of the three islands of the Cayman Islands, forcing residents to seek shelter on their house roofs.
Ivorian Civil WarFrench officials acknowledge troops killed around 20 people during clashes with anti-French protestors, but maintain the French troops acted in self-defense and gave warning shots, contrary to Ivoirian police claims. (BBC)
Rwandan troops are spotted by UN personnel in eastern Congo where Congolese officials say the troops are attacking and burning villages. The last invasion started the Congo Civil War, which resulted in the deaths of 3–4 million people. (Reuters)
CBS and NBC refuse to air an advertisement by the United Church of Christ citing the advocacy of accepting homosexuals is "too controversial". The advertisement was accepted by numerous other networks including Fox, ABC and TBS. (CNN) (UCC)
Chinese state media confirms all 166 miners missing after a coal mine explosion in central Shaanxi province on November 28 are dead. (Xinhua) (BBC)
An Indonesian MD-82 from the charter airline Lion Air crashes in Central Java, killing at least 31 people and injuring at least 62 people. (CNN) (Reuters)
The head of Brazil's AIDS program, Pedro Chequer, says the government will violate patents on anti-AIDS drugs by copying them, citing unsustainable increases in cost. (BBC)
A report commissioned by the Secretary-General of the United Nations calls for radical reform of the United Nations, including expansion of the Security Council. (AP)
Egypt and Israel hold talks in Jerusalem to discuss the planned Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip. (BBC)
U.S. President George W. Bush holds talks with Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada in his first official visit to the country and agrees to work together to combat terrorism. (BBC)
Serbia's interior minister says the "assassination attempt" on president Boris Tadić was a case of road rage against his motor convoy in Belgrade traffic. (Reuters)
Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israeli troops allegedly misfire a tank shell and kill a 9-year-old Palestinian girl; her 11-year-old sister was also injured. (Al Bawaba)Palestinian militants allegedly misfire a Qassam rocket and kill a Palestinian girl in Jabalia. (Haaretz)IDF soldiers kill 11 Palestinians, 9 of whom are alleged to have been militants and 2 said to have been civilians in Khan Yunis. (Haaretz)IDF soldiers kill 3 suspected Palestinian militants who were allegedly planting explosives near the border with Egypt in Rafah. (Haaretz)Palestinian sources say the 3 men killed by the IDF near the border with Egypt in Rafah were unarmed. (Haaretz)Palestinian militants fire four Qassam rockets at the Negev and 3 at Sderot, Israel causing damage but no casualties. (Haaretz)
The world rings in 2005. Some nations observe a moment of silence with candles and white roses for the at least 150,000 dead and 5,000,000 left homeless after the 26 December tsunamis. In many countries flags are flown at half staff. (Reuters)
The Turkish currency is revalued at a rate of 1,000,000 "old" lira for 1 New Turkish Lira. (BBC)
A group of Peruvian army reservists from the Movimiento Etnocacerista seize a police station in Andahuaylas, Apurímac Region, demanding the resignation of President Alejandro Toledo. Four police officers die in a shootout, another dozen police are taken as hostages, and a state of emergency is declared in the region. (BBC)
Luxembourg takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union (AP)
Global tsunami aid donations exceed USD 2 billion (EUR 1.5 billion). (Xinhua)
Aníbal Acevedo Vilá officially becomes governor of Puerto Rico. He is the eighth popularly elected governor of the Commonwealth. (El Vocero, in Spanish)
The Washington Post and Reuters report that the US government is preparing to keep suspected terrorists in detention without charge for life. (Reuters)
Iraq War:In Iraq, a spate of suicide bombings (including one near Iraqi National Accord headquarters) kills 27. Interim defence minister Hazim al-Shaalan hints that the assembly elections scheduled for 30 January could be delayed to allow for Sunni Muslim participation. (Oman Times) (Al Jazeera)
In Peru, 200 men from the Movimiento Etnocacerista who took over the town of Andahuaylas and its police station first say they intend to give up their weapons, then retract, saying the government had reneged on a surrender deal. (BBC) (Bloomberg) (New York Times)
Pope John Paul II is taken to a hospital suffering from a serious case of influenza.
The Palestinian Authority arrests a Palestinian man who had been shooting in the air, on suspicion that he had killed a Palestinian girl the day before. The original shooting sparked Palestinian accusations that the girl had been shot by Israeli soldiers, and Hamas fired mortars at Israeli settlements in response. (Jerusalem Post)[dead link] (Reuters)
The Attorney General of Israel, Meni Mazuz, tells the government to call an immediate halt to confiscating Palestinian property in East Jerusalem under a 1950 land law. The legislation entitles Israel to take Arab-owned land, and Mr Mazuz described it as illegal. (BBC) (Al Jazeera)
Five people are suspected to have died following clashes between Egyptian security forces and Bedouins suspected of being involved in last years bombings in Taba, which was aimed at Israeli holiday makers. (BBC)
Israel announces that it intends to bring the last 20,000 Falash Mura, Ethiopian Jews who converted to Christianity in the 19th and 20th centuries, to Israel by 2007. (Reuters) (Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs) (Jerusalem Post) (Haaretz)
Indonesian cleric Abu Bakar Ba'asyir denies any involvement in the 2002 Bali bombings and the Marriott Hotel attack, saying that the bombings were wrong. He also denies being a member of Jemaah Islamiah. (BBC)
A man who had been detained since December 2001 in the UK without a trial, or a charge, on suspicion of being involved in terrorism has been released without conditions, his lawyer states. (BBC)
A United Nations report makes accusations of killings, torture and rape of civilians in Sudan's Darfur area, and calls for those accused of carrying out war crimes to be put on trial. The report stops short of calling the events a genocide. (BBC)
At least three people are known to have died following a bomb blast in Gori, northern Georgia. (BBC)
King Gyanendra of Nepal sacks the government of Sher Bahadur Deuba and takes direct power for himself. (Reuters) (Rediff)
In Afghanistan, president Hamid Karzai appoints Abdul Rashid Dostum as his chief-of-staff. Dostum has been accused of involvement in human rights abuses. (Reuters) (Daily Times, Pakistan) (BBC)
In Bangladesh, 15 suspected radical leaders of Islamic groups are charged with sedition (Reuters) (Matamat, Bangladesh)
In Burundi, a referendum approves the new constitution, which is intended to end 12 years of civil war (Reuters AlertNet) (IAfrica) (BBC)
Canada deports Holocaust denier Ernst Zündel to Germany, where he is arrested (CTV) (CNews) (Reuters AlertNet) (BBC)
In the Democratic Republic of Congo, militia leader Floribert Ndjabu of Nationalist and Integrationist Front is reportedly arrested for the killing of nine Bangladeshi UN peacekeepers last week (Reuters AlertNet) (BBC)
A French court in Angers prepares for a major child sex trial (BBC)
In Italy, a court sentences Laura Proietti, a member of the Red Brigades, to life in prison for involvement in the murder of Massimo D'Antona in 1999. A second member, Cinzia Banelli, receives 20 years (BBC) (Newsday)
Protests break out in Indonesia over fuel price increases (Reuters) (Channel News Asia)
In Lebanon, opposition leaders call for the protest to continue even when the government has resigned. New protests demand that all Syrian troops leave the country (Reuters) (BBC)
Malaysia begins to round up illegal immigrants after a 4-month amnesty (Channel News Asia) (ABC Asia) (Reuters) (BBC)
Hamas and Islamic Jihad have declared, in principle, their intention to join the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO). (Al Ahram)
A death squad guns down at least 30 people in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro. Several teenagers and a child were among those killed in the districts of Queimados and Nova Iguacu on Thursday night. Authorities blame rogue police officers for the massacre. (BBC) (Wikinews)
Google doubles the storage space of its Gmail service to two gigabytes. (internetnews.com)
Pope John Paul II is on the verge of death as a result of his recent health problems. The Vatican announces that the pope has suffered cardiovascular collapse and septic shock. (CNN) The Vatican denies "unsourced" media reports claiming he has already died. (Reuters)
The United Nations Security Council votes to refer those suspected of war crimes in Darfur to the International Criminal Court. (Sudan Tribune) (Reuters AlertNet) (BBC)
Zimbabwe parliamentary elections, 2005: In Zimbabwe, the ruling Zanu-PF gains a two-thirds majority over opposition party Movement for Democratic Change amidst claims of dis-enfranchisement and fraud. (News24) (Bloomberg) (BBC)
Indian security forces launch an offensive against the United Liberation Front of Assam. (BBC)
The World Bank agrees to fund a controversial hydroelectric dam project in Laos. (Planet Ark) (BBC)
The Minuteman Project starts a month-long patrolling of the U.S.-Mexico border in Arizona for illegal immigrants, with about 100 volunteers, some of them armed. (ABC News)
The government of Argentina delays the restructuring of its debt by the exchange of old bonds for new because of a decision by a federal court judge in the United States that froze the processing of the old bonds in the possession of the Bank of New York pending a hearing before the appeals court. (Financial Times)
Lenovo Group, the largest Chinese computer company acquires the personal computer business of IBM for US$ 1.25 billion in cash, and Lenovo assumes $500 million of IBM's debt. (Reuters)
More than thirty Iraqis are killed and more than fifty are wounded as a bomb goes off at a funeral. (CBC)
The United States informs Japan that North Korea may have launched another test missile towards the Sea of Japan. The report is now said to be confirmed. (ABC News) (Forbes)
Astronomers have directly confirmed the existence of an extrasolar planet orbiting the brown dwarf numbered 2M1207a. The team says that this is the first-ever infrared view of an exoplanet. (Seattle Times) (ESO) (CP)
Taiwanese president Chen Shui-bian requests that the Chinese government meet directly with his government after China meets with Taiwan's opposition leader, Lien Chan. Taiwan and China are in conflict over Taiwan's increased calls for independence from the mainland. (CBC) (ABC)
Iraqi and American militaries hold several suspects for questioning in the Margaret Hassan kidnapping case. Hassan, director of CARE's Iraq division, was kidnapped by insurgents in late October 2004 and subsequently believed to be killed. (CBC) (Reuters)
In Nepal, 10,000 protesters march in Kathmandu against the policies of king Gyanendra and demand return of democracy. (Reuters AlertNet) (ABC)
Italy intends to publish its own view of the killing of Nicola Calipari. Italian media has released classified details about a report the United States made. (BBC) (Reuters AlertNet) (ABC)
Honduran president Ricardo Maduro, and his daughter survive with minor injuries when their plane crashes into the sea near Tela. (CNN) (Guardian Unlimited) (BBC)
Data withheld from an annual report on terrorism by the U.S. State Department show a sharp increase in attacks in 2004. (BBC)
In Côte d'Ivoire, renewed violence in the west of the country costs at least 41 lives (Reuters AlertNet) (SABC) (BBC)
In Italy, court in Bologna gives life sentences to five members of Red Brigades for the murder of government advisor Marco Biagi in 2002. They are suspected members of the Communist Combatant faction of the Brigades (AGI) (IHT) (BBC)
Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:Haim Yavin, one of Israel's most respected television news presenters has condemned the Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories, calling it "brutal", the first time he has spoken publicly on the subject. (BBC), (Boston Globe), (CBS), (The Guardian)The Shin Bet claim to have thwarted a double suicide bombing attack on Jerusalem, arresting 5 Islamic Jihad militants who had two explosive belts. (Haaretz)Arab residents of the Silwan neighborhood of East Jerusalem protest Israeli plans to destroy 88 of their homes, many by Israeli court order, many of which pre-date the foundation of the State of Israel. (BBC)Dan Halutz, the former Israeli Air Force commander, was appointed as the 18th Chief of Staff of the Israeli Defence Forces. (IDF official announcement)
An Australian man of Vietnamese origin has been jailed for 20 years in Vietnam after being convicted of trying to smuggle 200g of heroin from Vietnam to Australia. (News Limited)
Mexican Secretary of Interior Santiago Creel turns in resignation to president Vicente Fox in order to pursue his party's candidacy to the 2006 Presidential Election. (BBC)
The American Family Association, a Christian activist group, a week after ending its boycott of the Walt Disney Company, announced a boycott of the Ford Motor Company. In adding Ford to its ongoing boycotts of Kmart and the book One of the Guys by Robert Clark Young, the AFA argues that Ford promotes "the homosexual lifestyle." (MSNBC)
At least 20 people are killed and 40 are injured in a bomb blast in the city of Kandahar, Afghanistan. (BBC)
Sweden shuts down the Barsebäck 2 nuclear reactor. (Planet Ark) (BBC)
In Australia, embassy of Indonesia was closed after it received a package containing suspected "biological agent". The case is probably related to the sentence of Schapelle Corby (Bloomberg) (Reuters AlertNet)
In the Netherlands, a national referendum on ratification of the European Constitution results in its rejection by a substantial margin. (Reuters)
Iraq's ambassador to the UN, Samir Sumaidaie, accuses U.S. Marines of the "cold-blooded murder" of his 21-year-old cousin during a June 25 raid of his home in Al Anbar province. (Reuters)
Following a public statement from the denomination president on the eve of the event, the Congregationalist United Church of Christ begins their 5-day General Synod 25 in Atlanta, Georgia to debate a number of controversial resolutions, including same-sex marriage. Some are concerned about denominational schism. DailyBulletin.com Chicago Tribune Christian Science MonitorWashington Times UCC web page UCC news blog
Indonesian police arrest 24 people suspected of involvement in the 2002 Bali bombings and a 2003 attack on the Marriott Hotel in Jakarta. (BBC)
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor announces her retirement after 24 years of service on the Court. (n:United States Supreme Court Justice O'Connor to retire) (NYTimes.com)
The UK assumes the rotating presidency of the European Union amidst its funding crisis. (BBC News)
The members of the Australian Senate elected at the election of 2004 take office, granting the government of John Howard control of both Houses of Parliament, the first time a government has had such power since 1981. (ABC News Online)
Much of the government of Minnesota shuts down as the state legislature fails to pass a budget by the end of the fiscal year. (Wikinews) (Bloomberg)
In the UK, cot death expert Sir Roy Meadow testifies before the General Medical Council hearing. He was involved with four court cases where four women were falsely accused of killing their children. Medical journal The Lancet defends him saying that he is just a "scapegoat" (BBC) (Scotsman)
In the Democratic Republic of Congo, at least 10 people have died during protests over delay to the presidential elections. Opposition claims the numbers are closer to 42. (Wikinews) (BBC)
In Germany, the Bundestag passes a Motion of no confidence in the government of Chancellor Gerhard Schröder by 296 to 151. The vote, at Schröder's insistence, opens the way for new elections to be held on September 18. (Wikinews) (Deutsche Welle) (IHT) (BBC)
Conflict in Iraq: At least six US Marines have died following an insurgent attack in Haditha, 140 miles northwest of Baghdad, Iraq. (NBC)
A survey of the world's strongest brands by Anholt-GMI has placed Australia as the leading "nation brand", ahead of Canada, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. Last years top brand, Sweden, dropped to fifth place, whilst the United States dropped from fourth to eleventh place. (The Age) (NZ Herald)
One person has been killed and another injured in an explosion on a Russian nuclear-powered submarine in dock for decommissioning. (BBC)
Leaked communications between two U.S. military prosecutors reveal internal doubts about the military commission system established to try Guantanamo Bay detainees. In separate emails, the prosecutors allege that the commission system is rigged in favour of the prosecution and that the cases being pursued are "marginal". In Australia, the Australian Government came under renewed pressure to withdraw its support for the commissions, under which Australian citizen David Hicks would be tried. (Wikinews) (ABC)
Vice-President John Garang of Sudan, a central figure in the new peace deal ending the Second Sudanese Civil War, is reported dead with 13 other people in an aircraft crash near the Uganda-Sudan border. (Wikinews), (Reuters), (CNN), (AP via Yahoo!News) (Link dead as of 02:29, 15 January 2007 (UTC))Deadly riots erupt in Khartoum after Garang's death. (Reuters) (Link dead as of 02:29, 15 January 2007 (UTC))
King Fahd of Saudi Arabia has died in a hospital at the age of 83. It was believed that he was in poor health and entered the hospital on May 27 with acute pneumonia. Crown Prince Abdullah, who had been effective regent for years, accedes to the throne. Defence Minister Prince Sultan will be the new Crown Prince. (Wikinews) (Reuters) (Al-Jazeera)
New European Union directive banning tobacco advertising comes into effect (Euronews)
President Bush circumvents the Senate after a five-month impasse to appoint John Bolton as the United States Ambassador to the United Nations. (Wikinews) (Yahoo News) (Link dead as of 02:29, 15 January 2007 (UTC))
In Egypt, opposition party al-Wafd (Delegation Party) announces that it will endorse its leader Numan Gumaa as a candidate in presidential election next September (Al-Jazeera)
NASA announces that astronauts will make repairs on the bottom of the space shuttle Discovery to ensure its safety in re-entry (Space.com) (Science Daily) (Reuters) (Link dead as of 02:29, 15 January 2007 (UTC))
A judge in Aruba orders the conditional release of Joran van der Sloot, the 18-year-old Dutch citizen being held in connection with the disappearance of Natalee Holloway.
Al Jazeera broadcasts a video tape claimed to be supplied by Al-Qaeda which apparently shows suicide bomber Mohammad Sidique Khan prior to the 7 July 2005 London bombings stating that he would take part in the attacks. He warned Westerners that they would not be safe because of their "crimes against humanity." (Guardian/AP)
Hurricane Katrina:U.S. President George W. Bush in an early morning interview with ABC's Diane Sawyer at the White House said: "I fully understand people wanting things to have happened yesterday" (ABC)Unknown assailants open fire on a UH-60 Black Hawk military helicopter at New Orleans Superdome, halting evacuations. (BBC) (Wikinews)US financial markets opened with mixed volatility in reaction to disruptions to the nation's oil distribution system along the Gulf Coast and concerns for consumer spending. By the closing bell the NASDAQ and Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped two percent. President George W. Bush and Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan and top economic advisers gave the markets a favorable bump after a noon meeting to consider financial impacts of Hurricane Katrina's devastation. (MarketWatch)Both houses of the United States Congress are set to reconvene later in the day, prior to their scheduled return September 6, to pass $10.5 billion in emergency spending legislation relating to storm relief. (Bloomberg)
Typhoon Talim passes over Taiwan, killing at least one person and injuring 24. (BBC)
On the eve of People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao's first visit to North America next week, a PRC foreign ministry spokesman warned against any government providing Taiwan (ROC) with missile defense systems. Hu Jintao arrives in Washington, D.C. on Monday, then visits Canada and Mexico before visiting the United Nations General Assembly. (BBC)
Russia marks the first anniversary of the Beslan tragedy in which militants seized nearly 1,200 hostages, killing 331, more than half of them children. (The Guardian)
Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. (Times Online)
The Common Chimpanzee genome sequence has been released, revealing genetic differences between chimps and humans including differences in a region of the genome thought to be involved in speech acquisition. (VoA)
As part of celebrations for the 40th Anniversary for the founding of the Tibet Autonomous Region in the People's Republic of China, 20,000 people gather at the Potala Palace Square for a cultural performance. CPC Politburo's Jia Qinglin attended. (Dazhong Daily)
Same-sex marriage in California: The California Senate passes the first bill to allow same-sex marriage in the United States. The vote of 21 in favor and 15 against sets the stage for a showdown in the state Assembly, which narrowly rejected a similar bill in June by a margin of two votes. Since the June vote some major California organizations have changed stance to support same-sex marriage, including the influential Latino group: the United Farm Workers. Latinos account for 34 percent of the population in the state. (The Advocate) (San Francisco Gate)
Internet sensation Fred Figglehorn makes his first video on YouTube
The Ilamatepec volcano erupts in a coffee-growing area 40 miles (60 km) west of San Salvador, El Salvador, spitting rock and ash into the air. The Salvadoran government evacuates hundreds of people in the region and there are no reported injuries. San Salvador's air quality - already the most polluted in Central America - is significantly worsened by the additional volcanic debris. (Yahoo! news)(Link dead as of 22:37, 14 January 2007 (UTC))
A bomb explodes outside of a packed football stadium at the University of Oklahoma, killing one. (ABC) (NYTimes) (registration required)
A Russian rocket lifts a Soyuz spacecraft towards the International Space Station, carrying the third fare-paying space tourist, American Gregory Olsen. (CNN) (Link dead as of 22:37, 14 January 2007 (UTC)) (FloridaToday)
Four explosions are reported in Bali at popular tourist areas, killing at least 36 and injuring 103 people. (CNN) (Link dead as of 22:37, 14 January 2007 (UTC)) (BBC) (WRKO)
New Zealand's Labour Prime Minister Helen Clark is set to form a third-term government after the National Party loses a seat following the count of 'special' votes. She begins talks with minor party leaders to form a coalition government as well obtain the support of enough minor parties to have a majority on supply and confidence issues. (SBS) (Reuters) (Link dead as of 22:37, 14 January 2007 (UTC)) (NZ election results)
The Indonesian government raises fuel prices by more than 100%, resulting in petrol prices of 4,500 rupiah (US$0.44) a litre (US$1.67 per gallon). (Reuters) (Link dead as of 22:37, 14 January 2007 (UTC))
Mexico wins the FIFA U-17 Men's Championship 2005 in Lima, Peru, beating Brazil 3-0 (Notimex)
Severely injured victims of the 2005 Bali bombings are being evacuated to medical facilities in Australia and Singapore. The Australian Government has made moves to assist Indonesia in its response, dispatching Australian Federal Police officers and forensic experts to assist in investigations. (ABC)
The Ethan Allen, a boat on Lake George, in Upstate New York, capsized killing 20 people. The boat has been raised by investigators. (CNN)
Champion race horse Best Mate suffers a heart attack and dies while racing in front of a live television audience.
U.S. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid and his fellow Democrats force a closed session of the Senate over misinformed intelligence that led to the Iraq War and evasion of a congressional inquiry. (CNN)
The discovery of two additional moons of Pluto is announced. (CNN)
The United Nations Security Council passed a UNSC resolution (S/RES/1636 (2005)) which requests urgently and forcefully Syria's full cooperation with the investigation into the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. (CCTV)
Zanzibar's ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi party and President Amani Abeid Karume are declared re-elected in a disputed election. Police clashed with opposition supporters, leaving 9 dead. (Reuters) (Reuters) (Guardian)
Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: 2 Palestinian militants, one from Hamas, the other the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade, have died following an Israeli air-strike in the Gaza Strip. (BBC)
North Korea and South Korea will field a united Olympics team at the next Olympic Games. (BBC)
Justice John Gomery releases the first part of the Gomery Commission report on corruption in the Liberal Party of Canada and the sponsorship scandal. Gomery exonerates current Prime Minister Paul Martin but criticizes former Prime Minister Jean Chrétien and his Quebec lieutenant Alfonso Gagliano. (CBC)
2005 Paris riots continue for the fifth consecutive night, sparked by the death of two Muslim youths from electric shock. The controversy caused by police firing tear gas into a mosque on Sunday night led to families of the dead youths pulling out of a meeting with the French Minister of the Interior Nicolas Sarkozy. (news24)
Makybe Diva wins the Melbourne Cup thoroughbred horse race for the third consecutive year, becoming the first horse ever to do so. Shortly thereafter, owner Tony Santic announces her retirement from racing. (Herald Sun)
South Africa's Constitutional Court declares that current marriage laws restricting marriage to opposite-sex couples are unconstitutional and must be changed within a year. Once the change is made, South Africa will be the fifth country in the world where same-sex marriages are recognized, after Canada, Spain, the Netherlands, and Belgium. (AP via Yahoo)
The European Central Bank raises interest rates for the first time in five years, from 2.0% to 2.25%. This will affect the cost of money in the twelve Eurozone countries. (BBC)
A Buddhist manuscript written on birch bark in the 1st century or 2nd century passes from a private collection to the University of Washington library, becoming part of the Early Buddhist Manuscripts Project. (uwnews.org)
Muriel Degauque is identified as the Belgian suicide bomber who killed herself in Iraq on November 9, 2005. (BBC)
Ray Hanna, who died on this day in Switzerland, was an air-display pilot, regarded by many as the best of the best, and was well known for flying Spitfire Mk IX MH-434. He was with the Red Arrows from 1965 to 1971, and in that time was their longest serving - and some say their most influential - leader. He and his son, Mark Hanna, started the Old Flying Machine Company The Red Arrows paid tribute to him with a flypast at his funeral.
About 4,000 military history enthusiasts from 23 countries gathered at Slavkov u Brna in the Czech Republic to re-enact the Battle of Austerlitz on the 200th anniversary of the epic battle between the First French Empire, the Austrian Empire and Imperial Russia. (BBC) (BBC) (AP via CBS) (AP via ABC) (Austerlitz2005.com)
Proposed internet domain .xxx for pornography has been dropped shortly before the domain was set to receive approval. (techtree)
Conflict in Iraq: 10 U.S. Marines are killed following an insurgent roadside bomb attack in Falluja. (BBC)
Scientists in Gabon and the Republic of Congo discover that three species of fruit bat serve as animal reservoirs for the Ebola virus. The virus probably first spread from animal to human in 1976 by local hunters eating the bats. (Nature) (LA Times)
Hurricane Epsilon strengthens from a tropical storm to become the record breaking fourteenth hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. (CNN) (Reuters via Yahoo)
At least three Qassam rockets landed in the western Negev, despite Israel Defense Forces' Operation Blue Skies. At least one Qassam rocket landed in Sderot, in which the Red Dawn alert system was activated around 15:30. Two Qassam rockets landed in an open area near Israeli communities in the western Negev. In all the cases there were no injuries. (Ynetnews)
Tropical Storm Zeta continues activity in the Atlantic Ocean, becoming only the second North Atlantic tropical cyclone to exist across two calendar years and extending the already historic 2005 Atlantic hurricane season even further. (CNN)
Residents brace as a second winter storm hits the region, a day after the first caused floods and mudslides across northern California. (LA Times) (AP via Yahoo!)
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad accuses European nations of trying to complete the Holocaust by creating a "Jewish camp" Israel in the Middle East. "Don't you think that continuation of genocide by expelling Jews from Europe was one of their aims in creating a regime of occupiers of Al-Quds (Jerusalem) Isn't that an important question?" He went on to say that Europe should cede some of their territory for a Jewish state, and that anti-Semitism has a long history in Europe, while Jews have lived peacefully among Muslims for centuries. (Reuters)
Russia-Ukraine gas disputeRussian natural gas supplier Gazprom cuts gas supplies to Ukraine, following Ukraine's rejection of a 460% price increase. President Vladimir Putin had offered a three-month price freeze if Ukraine would agree to pay the higher price thereafter, but this was rejected. Ukraine pays US$50 per 1000 cubic metres, Russia claims the market rate is $230. (BBC)
Several exploits of a severe Windows security vulnerability are spreading over the Internet, permitting compromise of any Windows computer merely by viewing a maliciously crafted image on a website or in e-mail or instant messaging. No patch from Microsoft is available, however an unofficial patch exists Hexblog.com. The vulnerability affects every version of Windows, potentially affecting more computers than any prior computer security vulnerability in history. (Microsoft) (CERT) (Slashdot) (Sans) (F-Secure)
Russia-Ukraine gas dispute:Countries across Europe report reductions in gas supplies after Russia disconnected supplies to Ukraine yesterday. Russia accuses Ukraine of stealing 100 million cubic metres of gas yesterday from pipelines transiting the country; Ukraine denies this but has previously claimed the right to 15% of the gas as a transit toll. Hungary reports supplies are down by 40%, France and Italy by 30%, and Poland by 14%. Germany, Russia's principal customer, also reports reductions. Russian supplier Gazprom says that it will increase supplies and return them to normal by Tuesday night. (Sky News)
Thirteen U.S. coal miners are trapped after an underground explosion in Upshur County, West Virginia. (ABC)
Eleven people are killed when the roof of an ice rink collapse in Bad Reichenhall, southern Germany, under the weight of recent snowfall, trapping some 50 skaters underneath. (CNN)
Severe storms affected East Java, Indonesia, leading to flooding and landslides. At least 57 people are believed to have been killed in the flooding and up to a further 200 people were assumed to be buried alive in the town of Cijeruk 350 kilometers east of Jakarta. (BBC)
Governor of West Virginia Joe Manchin asks for a halt in coal mining following two more coal mining deaths in the state that saw fourteen people die in coal mining disasters in January. (CNN).
More than 200 Israeli settlers and Israeli Security Forces are injured when the Security Forces brutally beat the settlers of the Amona outpost in the West Bank. (Haaretz)
The controversy surrounding the Muhammad cartoons escalates as newspapers in France, Germany, Italy and Spain republish the controversial pictures in defiance of widespread Muslim protests in the Middle East and elsewhere.(BBC)
The Latin American TV station teleSUR, backed by the Venezuelan government, has signed a co-operation agreement with the Arabic channel al-Jazeera. (BBC)
Shares in Google fall dramatically after the company reported profits below Wall Street estimates. $12 billion in market value was lost. (AP)
Astronomers measure the size of newly discovered dwarf planet Eris as larger than Pluto with 84% probability. (astro.uni-bonn.de), (AP via Yahoo!)
A leaked memo in the UK, detailing a conversation between U.S. President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair in 2003, has revealed that Blair intended to follow the US into Iraq even without a UN resolution, and that Bush considered provoking a response from Iraq using falsely marked Lockheed U-2 spy planes to provide an excuse for war. (Guardian)
Venezuela has expelled U.S. Navy Cmdr. John Correa, a military attaché at the U.S. embassy in Caracas, on suspicion of espionage. (Newsweek) (BBC)
Representative John Boehner of Ohio becomes the U.S. House Majority Leader, beating out acting majority leader Roy Blunt in a house vote. (New York Times)
Royal Dutch Shell breaks the record for the highest ever annual profit for a British company with a total of £13.12bn (BBC)
In the fictional CW network drama One Tree Hill, this date marks a school shooting which took the lives of two people and drastically changed the dynamic of the show. It has been called one of the most essential and touching episodes in high school drama history.
A member of the board of directors of major German steel manufacturing company ThyssenKrupp AG says the company is "examining all its options," and may not complete its proposed acquisition of Canadian steel company Dofasco. (MSN Money)
A video obtained by the Associated Press shows U.S. President George W. Bush being warned that the levees in New Orleans could break one day before Hurricane Katrina hit. (MSNBC.com)
Fijian Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase announces that the 2006 general elections will be held in the second week of May, from May 6 to May 13. (Radio New Zealand)
The United States Senate voted 89–10 to renew the USA PATRIOT Act after two extensions. In its vote next week, the United States House of Representatives will likely also vote to renew the Act, analysts say. (MSNBC)
President George W. Bush, on his first visit to India, issues a joint statement with Indian Prime Minister on their growing strategic partnership, emphasising their agreement on civil nuclear cooperation. An estimated crowd of 100,000 people protest against Bush in Delhi. (Times of India) (Khaleej Times) (Forbes) (Times of India) (CNN)
A shipwreck from the 14th century was found buried in Riddarfjärden Bay in Stockholm, Sweden. If the ship is well preserved, there are plans to remove it from the waters. (ABC)
Alaksandar Kazulin, the Social Democratic Party candidate for the office of President of Belarus, was detained by Minsk police after he was rejected entrance to a congress hosted by current leader Alexander Lukashenko. Kazulin also suffered injuries during the course of his detention, which is still being enforced, though the elections will commence in 17 days. (BBC)
Traces of a prehistoric, 8,000-year-old civilization are found in Shahrud, Iran. The discoveries included ovens, craft workshops, and other evidence of settlements. (Payvand)
Televangelist Pat Robertson loses his bid for re-election to the board of directors of the National Religious Broadcasters. (Associated Press)
Marcos Pontes, Brazil's first astronaut, reaches the International Space Station. (CNN)
A small aircraft goes missing whilst in flight towards Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, with 19 people on board. It is found to have crashed near Saquarema, about 100 km from Rio. There are no survivors. (BBC)
The Serious Organised Crime Agency, dubbed the 'British FBI', is launched in the United Kingdom. (BBC)
First Great Western, First Great Western Link and Wessex Trains combined into the new Greater Western franchise. (BBC)
Russian opposition leader barred from running in 2018 election.
In Thailand, the 2006 legislative election is held. All three major opposition parties have announced they are boycotting the election. (Indep. UK)
An outbreak of tornadoes, the April 2, 2006 Tornado Outbreak, hits northeastern Arkansas, the Missouri Bootheel, and West Tennessee killing 27.
Lucent Technologies announced its merger agreement with Alcatel. (BBC)
The Human Rights Protection Party wins Samoa's general election. The HRPP was already the ruling party, and its leader Tuila'epa Sailele Malielegaoi the Prime Minister, but the party did better in the election than polls had indicated. (Radio NZ)
After about three months captivity as a hostage in Iraq, American journalist Jill Carroll returns to American soil in Boston, Massachusetts. (CNN)
The jury in the first phase of the trial of Zacarias Moussaoui has decided that he is eligible for the death penalty. (CNN)
Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association outraged Vatican by planning to ordain another bishop, Liu Xinhong in Anhui Province. On Sunday, China has already ordained Ma Yinglin, not approved by the Holy See, as a bishop in Yunnan. Hong Kong Cardinal Joseph Zen urged the Vatican to stop diplomatic talks with China [1]
King Gyanendra of Nepal swears in Girija Prasad Koirala as the new Prime Minister of Nepal. Baburam Bhattarai of the CPN(M) which controls two thirds of the country, states that his party will respect the results of an election to a constituent assembly, so long as these are "free and fair". (BBC)
President of Chad Idriss Déby refuses to delay upcoming presidential elections despite pressure from U.S. diplomat Donald Yamamoto, high ranking Chadian Christian officials, and the head of the Chadian human rights league. However, he announced the Chadian government is negotiating with the United Front for Democratic Change rebel group to avoid violence. (VOA)
Spain, Portugal, Finland and Greece join the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland and Sweden in allowing workers from the ten countries which joined the European Union two years ago free access to their labour markets. (BBC)
Bolivian Gas War: President Evo Morales has signed a decree nationalising the nation's natural gas industry, instructing foreign energy firms to channel their activities through the Bolivian government within a six-month deadline or face expulsion, and ordering the Bolivian military to occupy and secure key energy installations. (BBC)
Puerto Rico budget crisis: The government of Puerto Rico is partially shut down, including public schools. More than 90,000 employees of the public sector are put in license without salary. Their salary will not be paid until further notice, but they will remain employed whether they present themselves to work or not. If they present themselves to work it will be on a voluntary basis without retroactive payment. (Reuters)
Terrorism in Kashmir: At least 22 Hindus in two small villages in Indian-administered Kashmir are killed by Islamic militants. (BBC), (Reuters)
5 reasons Vladimir Putin will win Russia’s next presidential election in 2018.
Darfur conflict: The African Union extends the deadline for a peace deal by 48 hours. (BBC), (Reuters)
Beaconsfield mine collapse: Rescuers at a mine in Beaconsfield, Tasmania have begun work after two miners were detected alive. The two had been trapped alive over 1 kilometre underground for the past five days. (BBC)
Vladimir Putin wins the election no matter who the next president is.
Immigrant workers and their supporters across the United States stay home from work or school and abstain from commerce during the 2006 Immigration Policy Boycott in the United States, also called the "Great American Boycott" or "Day Without Immigrants", a protest against the enforcement of immigration law. Demonstrations are planned nationwide. In Latin America, a one-day boycott of American products called the "Nothing Gringo Boycott" is planned in conjunction with U.S. events. (Guardian) (CNN) (SFGate)
Extraordinary renditions. The Bundesnachrichtendienst (German intelligence agency) declares that it had known of Khalid El-Masri's seizure 16 months before Germany was officially informed of his mistaken arrest in the name of the War on Terror. Germany had previously claimed that it did not know of el-Masri's abduction by the CIA and his stay in the Salt Pit in Afghanistan until his return to the country in May 2004
The 16th World Economic Forum on Africa is convened in Cape Town, South Africa.(BBC).
China, France, Germany, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States agree on a package of incentives and sanctions for Iran. (CNN).
A report issued by the United States Army Corps of Engineers admits their responsibility for 2005 levee failures that flooded the majority of New Orleans, Louisiana in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. (AP) (Full report via NOLA.com)
The United States Department of Homeland Security reveals that it plans to reallocate anti-terrorism funding to cities across the nation. Funding to New York City and Washington, D.C. is cut, while funding in cities such as Omaha, Nebraska and Los Angeles, California increases. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's office calls the report's statement that there are no "national monuments or icons" in New York City "outrageous."(NYT)
The Government of Spain overturns the conviction of Imad Yarkas on charges of conspiracy in the September 11, 2001 attacks after the prosecutor admits that evidence of involvement in the conspiracy was "inconsistent, almost nonexistent." The Spanish government says it will provide further explanation in the coming days. (AP)
Iran refuses to negotiate with the U.S. over its nuclear program.(CNN)
The new Italian Justice Minister, Clemente Mastella, announces that left-wing militant Adriano Sofri could be pardoned before the end of the year (AGI).
A number of fake million dollar bill gospel tracts, printed by Living Waters Publications, are seized from The Great News Network by the United States Secret Service as possible counterfeits. (WorldNetDaily)
The Eureka Tower, the tallest residential tower in the world, exterior is completed at a height of 297.2m and 91 floors in Melbourne, Australia. It takes the title from Q1 on the Gold Coast, Australia
Early elections in November are announced in the Netherlands. (Reuters)
Discovery Mission STS-121's launch has been delayed today due to thunderstorms. The next launch attempt is scheduled for 3:26 PM EDT tomorrow, although more bad weather is forecast.(NASA)(Associated Press)
Osama Bin Laden warns the US and other nations not to become involved in Somalia and says that Al Qaeda reserves the right to "punish" the U.S. on its own soil. (Reuters)
The United Nations Security Council votes unanimously to withdraw the 3,500 peacekeeping troops who are currently in Burundi on December 31, despite the continuing activities of the National Liberation Force rebel group. (Reuters)
At least 60 people die from a car bomb in a market in Sadr City, a Shiite district of Baghdad. (Turkish Press)
The Qingzang railway is formally opened in the by Chinese President Hu Jintao. (BBC)
Operation Summer Rains:An Israeli helicopter gunship attacks the office of Prime Minister of Palestine Ismail Haniyeh. Observers report that the building had been set on fire but was unoccupied. (Melbourne Age)Israel rejects demand to free 1,000 prisoners, delivered earlier by the abductors of Cpl. Gilad Shalit. A Palestenian deputy minister says Shalit is in stable condition, but no sign of life is yet given. (Haaretz)The Australian reports Israel threatens to assassinate Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh unless Israel's kidnapped soldier, Gilad Shalit, is released unharmed. No other news source confirms this report. (The Australian)
A ceremony is held at Thiepval, Picardy, in France, to commemorate the 90th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme. (BBC)
One year on from the Live 8 concerts, U2 frontman Bono announces that world leaders are not making good on their promises to Africa. According to Bono in a recent CNN interview, not enough is being done to make trade fair. (CNN)
Polling closes in the Mexican general election, with voters electing a new President, both houses of Congress, and four state/district governors. Exit polls show the presidential race between Felipe Calderón of the National Action Party and Andrés Manuel López Obrador, a former mayor of Mexico City, as too close to call. (CBS News)
El Paso, Texas is hit by heavy, intense rain, causing much flooding and making the Rio Grande overflow its banks, reaching levels not seen in over 50 years. Roads are destroyed, dirt and rocks litter the streets. The West and Northeast sides are most heavily hit. Ciudad Juárez, across the United States-Mexico border is also devastated. (El Paso Times)
Tropical Storm Chris forms east of the Lesser Antilles, prompting the issuance of tropical storm warnings for ten islands as well as tropical storm watches for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. (National Hurricane Center)
There is major outcry in Iran following the death of democracy activist Akbar Mohammadi in Evin Prison. Mohammadi was condemned to death for his role in the 1999 student protests at Tehran University. He had been on a hunger strike for more than a week, protesting the refusal by the Islamic Regime to allow him to seek proper medical treatment for life threatening injuries suffered as a result of torture. Reportedly he was beaten severely by prison guards the night of his death.(Persian Journal), (AKI), (Guardian)
2006 Israel-Lebanon conflictThe Battle of Ayta al-Sha`b rages, with multiple Israeli casualties. (Yedioth Ahronoth)The International Committee of the Red Cross have so far extracted 28 bodies from the rubble, 19 of whom are children, in the wake of Sunday's airstrike on Qana. Earlier reports by the Lebanese police reported double the current confirmed deathtoll, claiming at least 56 fatalities, including 37 children. (ICRC)Israel's Security Council approves expansion of ground offensive in Lebanon and rejects a cease-fire until an international peacekeeping force is in place. (CBS)Tony Blair said in a speech on 1 August 2006 in Los Angeles, California that Hezbollah was armed by Iran. (Yahoo News)
A political scandal involving the Parliamentary Secretary for the Japanese Trade Ministry, Satsuki Katayama, and Yamaha Motor Company, accused of illegally exporting a helicopter into China by the trade ministry, deepens. (Asahi Shimbun)
Mel Gibson is charged with misdemeanor drunken driving and related offences. (CNN)
2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has said that there will be no ceasefire in Lebanon until an international force is deployed in the south of the country.(BBC NEWS)The supreme leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has urged the Muslim world to stand up to Israel and the US, criticising them for their role in the conflict in Lebanon.(BBC NEWS)An Israeli civilian is killed and 16 wounded as more than 210 rockets are fired at northern Israel, the biggest daily number since the beginning of the conflict on 12 July. (Ynet), (Haaretz), (BBC NEWS)A Syrian-made missile fired from Lebanon lands near the West Bank city of Jenin, causing minor damage. (Haaretz), (Ynet), (AHN)A massive Israeli operation is completed near Baalbek. (Haaretz)Israel plans to resume air strikes after a 48-hour partial suspension. (ABC News Australia)North Country Colorectal in Port Jefferson, New York opens its doors to business.
North Korea refuses aid after being devastated by flooding. As many as 1.5 million people have been displaced, and over one hundred are dead. CNN news
Iraq War:In the centre and south of the country, Shiites waved Iraqi flags and chanted "Death to America! Death to Israel!" as they boarded convoys of buses bound for Baghdad's Sadr City. These and other Shiite protesters were summoned to the capital by cleric Moqtada al-Sadr to protest against Israel's attacks on Lebanon. The protest is timed to begin after Friday prayers. Perth News (australia) International Herald TribuneFour US soldiers charged with murdering three detainees in Iraq smiled before shooting them, a military court has heard from a fellow soldier.(BBC NEWS)The top US commander in the Middle East, Gen John Abizaid, has said Iraq could move toward civil war if the sectarian violence is not stopped.(BBC NEWS)Civil war is a more likely outcome in Iraq than democracy, Britain's outgoing ambassador in Baghdad has warned Tony Blair in a confidential memo.(BBC NEWS)
The Union of French Jewish Employers and Professionals (UPJF), Conseil Représentatif des Institutions juives de France (CRIF), and the Vigilance Bureau against anti-Semitism (BVCA), have denounced a declaration made by French foreign minister Philippe Douste-Blazy who said while visiting Beirut on Monday that Tehran was “a stabilising element in the Middle East.”(EJP)
AU officials report that Sudan has launched a major offensive in Darfur, a day after it rejected UNSC Resolution 1706, calling for a new 20,000 UN peacekeeping force. Over 20 people are reported dead and 1,000 displaced in clashes which broke earlier in the week. (AP)
Disputed Mexican election: Deputies and senators of the PRD occupy the stage of Congress and prevent President Vicente Fox from delivering his final State of the Nation speech. Fox later addresses the nation on an all-channel telecast. (Associated Press) (Washington Post)
Category 2 Hurricane John makes landfall near the tip of Baja California at around 7 p.m. PDT (0200 UTC September 2). (U.S. National Hurricane Center) (CBS)
An Iranian passenger jet Tu-154, (Iran Air Flight 945) carrying 148 passengers crashes in Mashad, Iran killing 29 people. (CNN), (BBC)
Israeli-Palestinian conflictThe European Union proposes new talks on the Middle East roadmap for peace. (Reuters)
Spain approves plans to deploy 1,100 troops to Lebanon as part of a UN peacekeeping force. (BBC)
The Japanese Vice Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry, Takao Kitabata, says Japan has enough petroleum reserves to prevent an oil crisis if economic sanctions are imposed on Iran over its nuclear program. Japan is almost entirely dependent on the Middle East for its oil and imports 15 percent of its total oil consumption from Iran.
The 2006 Zakouma elephant slaughter is the latest of a series of massacres which has killed off over 97 percent of the original (the year 1970) Chadian elephant population of 300,000 animals. (National Geographic)
Prime Minister of Poland, Jarosław Kaczyński, calls on the EU to develop a common foreign policy and build a "credible" military force. (Yahoo!)
The Miss World 2006 pageant officially starts with the arrival of 104 nations to Warsaw, Poland for a month of activities across the country prior to the pageant's final on September 30th, 2006. (Times of India)
General elections are held in Bosnia and Herzegovina (BBC)
A BBC investigation finds that, before he became Pope, Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger enforced the Catholic Church's secret policy on Crimen sollicitationis to cover up child sex abuse cases involving the clergy. (BBC) (BBC)
The Social Democratic Party of Austria has won today's election in Austria. (International Herald Tribune)
Georgia-Russia spying dispute:Russian President Vladimir Putin has said Georgia's arrest of four Russian army officers for spying was "an act of state terrorism with hostage-taking". (BBC)
Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke to the president of the U.S. Donald Trump.
General Elections 2006 in Brazil are taking place.
Incumbent President of Zambia Levy Mwanawasa is in the lead in early results in the Presidential election, according to the Electoral Commission of Zambia.
General Surayud Chulanont is appointed interim prime minister of Thailand by the ruling military regime, following the recent coup. (Channel News Asia)
A superbug, Clostridium difficile, is said to have killed at least 49 people at hospitals in Leicester, England, according to a National Health Service investigation. Another 29 similar cases are being investigated by coroners. (BBC)
The last Israeli troops leave Lebanon in accordance with UN Resolution 1701, two months after occupying the territory. UNIFIL officials, however, claim that they still occupy the border village of Ghajar. (Reuters)
New laws against age discrimination in the workplace - officially titled the Employment Equality (Age) Regulations 2006 - come into force in the United Kingdom. (BBC)
67 die and about 300,000 people are affected by floods in Ethiopia's Somali Region of Ogaden after the Shabelle River bursts its banks. (Angola Press)
The UN Security Council votes unanimously to extend the mandate of Côte d'Ivoire's transitional government by one year, granting its Interim Prime Minister Charles Konan Banny sweeping powers over security forces. UNSC deadline for Elections, originally set for November 2006, was delayed to November 2007. (AP)
Arab League-sponsored talks between the Somali transitional government and the Islamic Court Union are postponed indefinitely after the latter seek a delay. A Somali Minister says that war appears likely. (Reuters)
Bolivian President Evo Morales retracts plans to nationalize the country's mining industry, promising to do so at an unspecified later date. (UPI)
Venezuela and Guatemala have agreed to withdraw from the race for a seat on the United Nations Security Council; both agreeing to support Panama after 47 rounds of voting. (The Canadian Press)
White House Press Secretary Tony Snow said in a statement that "We are therefore increasingly concerned by mounting evidence that the Syrian and Iranian governments, Hezbollah, and their Lebanese allies are preparing plans to topple Lebanon's democratically elected government," and that "We're making it clear to everybody in the region that we think that there ought to be hands off the [Prime Minister Fouad] Siniora government; let them go about and do their business."(Reuters)
The Swedish Ro-Ro ship M/S Finnbirch sinks in a blizzard in the Baltic Sea, killing two of its fourteen crew members. The vessel had some 260 tons of fuel and lubrication oil onboard which might present a hazard to the environment. (Helsingin Sanomat) (Reuters) (CNN)
Turkish archaeologist Muazzez Ilmiye Cig is acquitted of inciting religious hatred; a charge made after she published a book stating that the Muslim headscarf originated in the clothing of Sumerian priestesses who initiated young men into sex. (BBC News)
The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) attack a rural police command in Colombia, killing at least 16 officers as part of a two-week offensive. President Álvaro Uribe had earlier withdrawn from negotiations. (Reuters)
The government of Uganda and the Lord's Resistance Army rebels sign a second truce as negotiations restart in Juba, Sudan. (IRIN)
The 2006 Asian Games are officially opened by Qatari emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani at the 50,000 seater Khalifa Sports Stadium in Doha, Qatar. (AFP via Yahoo! News)
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles settles 45 lawsuits alleging sexual abuse by priests for $60 million. (AP via Minneapolis-St Paul Star Tribune)
Hezbollah members demonstrate their opposition to the Siniora administration in Beirut, Lebanon. (The Guardian) (BBC)
As Bahrain prepares for tomorrow's second round of its parliamentary elections, a Member of Parliament from the Kingdom's largest party calls for legislation to restrict women's employment. (Gulf Daily News)
Felipe Calderón becomes the President of Mexico. (Reuters)
Typhoon Durian has killed at least 388 people in Albay province on the island of Luzon in the Philippines with the death toll expected to climb as rescuers get to affected villages. (Bloomberg) (CNN)
Kim Beazley calls a vote for the leadership of the Federal Australian Labor Party for Monday. He will face a challenge from Kevin Rudd, the Opposition spokesman on foreign affairs. Jenny Macklin faces a challenge from Julia Gillard for the Deputy Leadership. (Melbourne Herald Sun) (AAP via News Limited)
Fijian military commander Frank Bainimarama says he intends to begin a "clean up" campaign of Government now that his deadline has passed. Laisenia Qarase, the Prime Minister of Fiji, has advised that he has been given a new deadline of noon on Monday. (NZ Herald) (ABC News Australia)
The United States warns of a possible al-Qaeda attack to disrupt the stock market and other financial institutions with a cyber attack. (BBC)
Billionaire Kirk Kerkorian sold off the last of his shares in General Motors, the Wall Street Journal reported. It was clear that Kerkorian had sold 14 million shares for $28.75 per share, or about $400 million, slicing his stake to 4.95%. (MSN Money)
Raymond Van Barneveld beats Phil Taylor 7-6 in sets to win the 2007 PDC World Darts Championship and collects £100,000.
The First ever episode of The Sarah Jane Adventures called Invasion of the Bane was aired
The Bulgarian political party Citizens for European Development of Bulgaria, which had only been founded on 2006-12-03 by Sofia mayor Boyko Borisov, instantly comes second in a public poll on party support, trailing only the Bulgarian Socialist Party. (Angus-Reid)
The Palestinian factional violence flares up again. (Ynet)
War in Somalia:The Islamic Courts Union collapses in the Battle of Jilib, and flees from its last major stronghold in Kismayo towards the Kenyan border. (MSNBC)The Transitional Federal Government of Somalia assumes control of Kismayo after the Islamic Courts Union retreats. (MSNBC)Prime Minister Ali Mohammed Gedi calls for a disarmament of the country's militias and businesses, and offers an amnesty to former members of the Islamic militias. (Shabelle)
Romania and Bulgaria join the European Union. (IHT) (BBC)
Slovenia adopts the euro, replacing the tolar and becoming the second enlargement to the eurozone. (IHT) (BBC)
CITIC, a state-owned investment enterprise of the Chinese government, buys Nations Energy Company, a Canadian petroleum extraction company, giving it a majority stake in KazMunayGas, the state-owned oil and gas company in Kazakhstan, for USD $1.91 billion. The deal is highly controversial because of the amount of control China now has over Kazakhstan's natural resources. Kazakh Oil Minister Baktykozha Izmukhambetov has criticized the deal since it was first considered in October 2006. (The Boston Herald)
The Armenian government detains citizen Vahan Aroyan for allegedly plotting a coup d'état against Armenian President Robert Kocharyan. The Association of Armenian Volunteers, a political opposition group, denounces Aroyan's detainment, saying the move is an attempt to silence dissidence. (RadioFreeEurope/RadioLiberty)
Adam Air Flight 574 disappears over Indonesia with 102 people on board. (Sky News)
Harry Potter author J. K. Rowling announces the release date for her book, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, the final installment in the Potter series to be 21 July 2007. (J.K.Rowling Official Site)
The Government of France has banned the smoking of cigarettes in every second-hand smoke area. (ABC News) (wikinews)
British Prime Minister, Tony Blair, questioned for a second time in Scotland Yard's 'Cash for peerages' probe. Calls for an early departure for Blair increase.
36 people are killed in clashes between Bundu dia Kongo, an opposition secessionist religious group and the police in a dispute over the election of provincial governors. (BBC)
Shia insurgency in Yemen: Ten Yemeni soldiers have been killed and 20 wounded in a fresh attack on an army roadblock, a security source says. (Aljazeera)
Palestinian factional violence: Hamas gunmen ambush a convoy carrying weapons to Mahmoud Abbas's presidential guard unit. Six Fatah members are killed, more than 70 people are wounded and 12 others are kidnapped in ensuing battles. (Ynet)
A trial for the murder of Janelle Patton on Norfolk Island starts with the defendant pleading not guilty. The murder was the first on the island for 150 years. (BBC)
The Enhanced Fujita scale begins operational use. This scale measures the intensity of tornadoes based on the damage they cause in the United States.
One 38-year-old policeman is killed in the Catania football clashes in Italy. 71 people are taken to the hospital.
Ali Hassan Al Majeed, commonly known as Chemical Ali, admits he ordered Iraqi troops to engage in genocide against the Kurds of Iraqi Kurdistan. He says the "emptying" of villages was justified because the Kurds assisted Iran forces in the Iran-Iraq war. (Gulf News)
Switzerland accidentally invades Liechtenstein after 171 infantrymen get lost and cross the Liechtenstein border. (Fox News) (BBC)
A human case of bird flu is confirmed in China. (USA Today)
Pakistani authorities capture Mullah Obaidullah Akhund, a former Defense Minister of Afghanistan under the Taliban. (Voice of America)
India requests the extradition of Italian businessman Ottavio Quattrocchi from Argentina in relation to the Bofors scandal. (NDTV)
Ten French tourists are kidnapped in northern Ethiopia. (AP via CNN)
The Spanish Government moves hungerstriking ETA prisoner Iñaki de Juana Chaos from a cell in Madrid to one in the Basque Country. (AP via the Houston Chronicle)
A boat carrying Haitian migrants catches fire off the coast of the Dominican Republic resulting in the death of at least eight people and 44 people missing. (AP via Fox News)
Dozens of people are arrested in Copenhagen as the police evict squatters from The Youth House in the centre of the city. (AP via IHT)
The government of Turkey orders an investigation into claims that the Kurdish separatist leader Abdullah Öcalan was poisoned. (BBC)
A tornado strikes southern Missouri killing a seven-year-old girl. Tornadoes in Alabama kill at least ten people including eight students at Enterprise High School. In Georgia, at least nine people die in storms. It is part of a larger tornado outbreak. (The Birmingham News) (AP via Houston Chronicle) (KDKA CBS)
Second and last day of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS) 177th Annual General Conference
United States Presidential Election, 2008: Former United States Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson announces his candidacy for President. (CNN)
Iranian Basiji students protest outside the British embassy in Tehran. (CNN)
World Wrestling Entertainment's flagship pay-per-view, WrestleMania 23 takes place at Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan, setting an arena record of 80,103. (Detroit News)
Ukrainian political rivals rally in Kiev in response to the threat that President Viktor Yushchenko might dissolve the parliament and call for new elections. (BBC)
President of Ukraine Viktor Yushchenko dissolves the parliament during a nationally televised speech, calling for parliamentary elections on 27 May 2007. (All Headline News)
India's Foreign Secretary, Shivshankar Menon, says that Iran is likely to get an observer status in the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation. (IHT) (Times of India)
An earthquake and the resultant tsunami strike the Solomon Islands, killing at least 15 people. (BBC)
The University of Florida Gators defeat the Ohio State Buckeyes 84-75 in the 2007 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament championship game, becoming the first school in Division I history to win both the men's college basketball and college football titles in the same academic year. (ESPN)
The United States and South Korea reach an agreement on bilateral free trade, concluding ten months of negotiations. (CNN),(USTR), (USINFO)
The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit rules that U.S. Representative Jim McDermott must pay damages for leaking a copy of a tape of an illegally intercepted telephone call. (New York Times)
Iraq War:On the fourth anniversary of his "Mission Accomplished" speech, President George W. Bush, citing the provisions setting a deadline for the withdrawal of U.S. troops, vetoes an Iraq War funding measure that also improves resting, training and equipping standards for combat troops before their deployment, and sets binding benchmarks for the Iraqi government. (CNN) (AP via Denver Post)Brigadier-General Abdul Kareem Khalaf of the Iraqi Interior Ministry claims that Abu Ayyub al-Masri, the leader of Al Qaeda in Iraq, has been killed in a battle between insurgents. The claim is later denied by insurgents. (Reuters via News Limited) (BBC)
Rupert Murdoch, the CEO of News Corporation, announces a $5 billion offer to take over Dow Jones, the publisher of the Wall Street Journal. (International Herald Tribune)
Turkish presidential election, 2007: The Constitutional Court of Turkey annuls last Friday's presidential vote in the Grand National Assembly after a challenge by opposition parties. (BBC)
At least three people die after an explosion in an apartment building in Palencia, Spain. (AFP via ABC News Australia)
Police arrest 30 alleged animal rights extremists in raids in the United Kingdom, Belgium and the Netherlands. (BBC)
Deutsche Börse AG, operator of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, agrees to buy International Securities Exchange the second biggest United States options market for $2.8 billion creating the largest transatlantic derivatives market. (Bloomberg via the Boston Globe)
Nigerian opposition and civil society groups join trade unions in May Day rallies against the recent presidential election which saw Umaru Yar'Adua elected as the President of Nigeria. (BBC)
Eitan Cabel, a member of the Israeli Cabinet resigns in protest of Prime Minister Ehud Olmert's handling of the 2006 Lebanon War. (FOX)
Two men are charged in Melbourne, Victoria with being members of the Tamil Tigers and providing funding to the organisation. (Sydney Morning Herald)
In the Amazon Rainforest, a new tribe of indigenous people is discovered. The tribe is called "Metyktire" and is a subgroup of the Kayapo tribe. (The Star)
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration warns consumers to discard all toothpaste made in China after discovering diethylene glycol, a poison related to a chemical used in antifreeze, in some samples. (New York Times)
The Ukrainian parliament votes to approve a package of legislation clearing the way for a parliamentary election on September 30. (BBC)
Militants launch two attacks on the Indian Army in Indian-administered Kashmir, resulting in two soldiers killed and 19 injured. (CNN)
Dr. Jack Kevorkian is released from prison after serving 8 years for assisting terminally ill patients with suicide. (Washington Post)
The Palestinian Army of Islam militant group posts a video of the BBC's kidnapped Middle East correspondent, Alan Johnston, on a website. (ITV)
2007 North Lebanon conflict: Fighting resumes at the Nahr el-Bared camp between the Lebanese Army and Fatah al-Islam. (AP via Houston Chronicle)
Thousands of South African public sector workers go on strike for a 12% pay raise for the second Friday in a row. (BBC)
Fiji lifts the state of emergency that was imposed during the 2006 Fijian coup d'état. (The Australian)
A United States Navy destroyer, the USS Chafee, fires on suspected terrorists staying in Puntland, in northern Somalia. The three suspects are accused in taking part in the 1998 bombings of the United States embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. (MSNBC)
Police conduct a controlled explosion of a suspicious car in a carpark of the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Paisley, where two suspects in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack are being held. (CNN)
Authorities evacuate part of Heathrow Airport while they investigate a suspect package. (Reuters)
An evacuation is made of the American Airlines terminal of JFK airport because of a suspicious package. The package was found at 10:20 AM local time, and bomb squad was sent to the scene. The package turned out to be carrying cologne, so the terminal was cleared and operations returned to normal within an hour. (Newsday) (San Jose Mercury News) (Wikinews)
Avraham Hirschson resigns as the Finance Minister of Israel as an investigation into alleged fraud and embezzlement continues. (JTA)
The Australian government upgrades its travel alert for the United Kingdom following the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs discovery. (Reuters)
A helicopter crash in the Raveau forest near the town La Charité-sur-Loire in central France kills three people involved in the French Grand Prix and injures two. (AFP via ABC News Australia)
The African Union meets in Accra, Ghana, for a summit with attention focussed on a proposal by Muammar al-Gaddafi of Libya for a pan-African government. (BBC)
Chinese archaeologists have found a hidden underground chamber within the tomb of Qin Shi Huang. (BBC)
The Concert for Diana occurs at the new Wembley Stadium on what would have been Princess Diana's 46th birthday. (BBC)
Canada celebrates its 140th anniversary. Canada Day marks the creation of the Dominion of Canada through the British North America Act on July 1, 1867. (CBC)
New Zealand launches its first commercially available biofuel, which consists of 90 percent petrol and 10 percent bioethanol made from cows' milk. (AFP via The China Post)
The President of the United States George W. Bush orders senior adviser Karl Rove not to testify before a United States Senate committee on the Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. (BBC)
The Bombay Stock Exchange Sensex lost 615 points in a single day becoming the third biggest such crash in its history.
The bridge carrying Interstate 35W in Minneapolis, Minnesota, collapses into the Mississippi River late in the afternoon rush hour, killing thirteen and injuring hundreds. (Star-Tribune) (CNN)
The remains of the RMS Titanic's Unknown Child, initially identified as Eino Viljami Panula, are re-identified by a Canadian research team and found to be those of another young passenger, Sidney Leslie Goodwin. (AP via FOX)
The Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) sign an agreement to bolster economic and security relationships. It also called for negotiations on a Free Trade Agreement between ASEAN, Australia and New Zealand by the end of 2008. (AP via Forbes)
A French court orders the release of two suspects in the 1994 Rwandan genocide. (AP via IHT)
At least 28 people die in Uttar Pradesh, India as an overcrowded boat carrying flood evacuees and aid workers capsizes on the Rohni River. Monsoon floods have killed more than 150 people in India during July while at least 82 people have died in Nepal over the past two weeks and 38 in Bangladesh. (BBC)
2007 Russian North Pole expedition: A Russian expedition with the aim of claiming petroleum beneath the Arctic reaches the North Pole. (AP via CNN)
The Accordance Front, Iraq's largest Sunni party, withdraws from the government while at least 70 people die in three bomb attacks. (AP via Boston Herald)
Dave Zabriski, an American professional cyclist, defended his National Time Trial Championship by winning by 2 seconds in Greenville, SC.
The Church of Uganda, the Anglican province of Uganda, appoints a bishop in the United States, John Guernsey, deepening a split with the Episcopal Church over the ordination of gay priests and bishops. (BBC)
World Championships in Athletics: American athlete Tyson Gay wins his third medal of the championship as part of the 100 metres relay team after earlier winning gold medals in the 100 metres and 200 metres. (Reuters)
The Sri Lankan Army captures territory near Mannar from the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) after a week of heavy fighting. (AFP via Lanka Business Online)
Protesters in Southeast Aceh try to stop the swearing in of the regent and deputy regent with riot police using tear gas and water cannon to disperse the crowd resulting in 26 people being injured. (Reuters Alertnet)
In a stunning college football upset, Appalachian State defeated #5-ranked Michigan at Michigan Stadium by a score of 34-32. This is the first time a team from the second-tier NCAA Division I FCS has defeated an AP-ranked Division I FBS opponent. Armanti Edwards was the quarterback for the underdog Mountaineers. (Ann Arbor News)
Eleven World Wrestling Entertainment performers are suspended for suspected illegal steroid abuse.(Newsday)
Thousands of former military officers protest in Yemen with Yemeni riot police firing bullets and tear gas to disperse them. (AP via CNN)
The United Nations launches a food assistance program to assist Iraqi refugees in Syria. (AP via International Herald Tribune)
Two small planes collide during an air show in Radom, Poland resulting in the deaths of both pilots (Marek Dubkiewicz and Sebastian Chrząszcz). (AP via Sydney Morning Herald)
Pope Benedict XVI replaced Archbishop Piero Marini, the longtime director of office of papal liturgies, with Father Guido Marini of the Genoa archdiocese. (Novus Motus Liturgicus)
President of Russia Vladimir Putin announces he will run on centrist list in the parliamentary elections in December and that he does not exclude the option of becoming Prime Minister of Russia after the election. [1]
Ukrainian parliamentary election, 2007: With 70 percent counted, Yulia Tymoshenko's bloc and Viktor Yushchenko's Our Ukraine party had 48 percent of the vote. Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych's party and his Communist and Socialist allies had 36.8 percent. (Bloomberg)
At least 15 people are killed and 19 others injured in a suspected suicide bomb blast in Bannu in Pakistan's North-West Frontier Province. (BBC)
The Colorado Rockies beat The San Diego Padres in an extra-innings tiebreaker game to clinch a wild card birth to the playoffs
2007 Summer Special Olympics opens in Shanghai, China. (Wall Street Journal)
Citigroup buys out minority shareholders of Japanese brokerage Nikko Cordial for $4.6 billion. (Reuters via CNBC)
Five workers are trapped underground in an Xcel Energy hydroelectric plant near Georgetown, Colorado, United States due to a chemical fire. They are later found dead. (Reuters) (Fox News)
At least 27 people are killed when a bus catches fire in Chongqing, southwest China. (News Limited)
Pakistan:The Pakistani cabinet announces plans to drop all corruption charges against former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.[citation needed]The President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf appoints General Ashfaq Kiyani to succeed him as the head of the Pakistan Army after Saturday's election. (Washington Post)
The Swedish Mint (Swedish: Myntverket) in Eskilstuna, Sweden, loses the competition to produce Swedish national coins to Rahapaja Oy of Finland, ending a more than 1000-year-long tradition of minting Swedish coins in Sweden. (Dagens Nyheter)
Automaker Chrysler announces plans for cutting an additional 12,000 jobs worldwide as part of a major restructuring plan. (AP via CNN)
The Dow Jones Industrial Average plunges over 360 points, or 2.6%, in its worst daily loss since February 27. Similar percentage losses occurred in Europe earlier in the day. (AP via Yahoo! Finance)
2007 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Noel strengthens into a Category 1 hurricane and heads towards Bermuda having killed at least 108 people so far. (Reuters)
Benazir Bhutto leaves Karachi for United Arab Emirates amidst speculations that President Pervez Musharraf might impose martial law in Pakistan. (Dailyindia.com/ANI)
2007 Tabasco flood: Massive flooding hits the Mexican state of Tabasco, with Governor Andrés Granier estimating that 80% of its 25,000 km² surface area is underwater. (BBC) (El Universal)
The London Metropolitan Police is found guilty of violations of Health and Safety law over the shooting of Jean Charles de Menezes on the London Underground in July 2005, and is fined £175,000 and ordered to pay £385,000 in legal costs. (Sky News) (BBC)
Flash floods in central Vietnam kill at least 13 people and injure 31 with 14,000 homes submerged in Quảng Trị, Quảng Bình and Quảng Nam provinces. (Reuters)
A suicide bomber attacks a bus carrying Pakistan Air Force personnel in Punjab resulting in at least five deaths and 40 people being injured. (AP via NYT)
The United Nations will send home 108 of the 950 Sri Lankan peacekeepers in Haiti, accusing them of sexual abuse, including with underage girls. (BBC)
Iraq WarAl-Qaeda in Iraq militants attack the Shiite village of Dwelah in Diyala, killing at least 13 people. (AP via IHT)Turkey claims that it has attacked PKK positions in Iraq, inflicting significant losses. (Time)
British Home Secretary Jacqui Smith issues a terrorism warning ahead of Christmas.
In another regional leadership reshuffle following the 17th Party Congress in the People's Republic of China, Minister of Commerce Bo Xilai is appointed the CPC Chongqing Committee Secretary, replacing Wang Yang, who is now Party Secretary in Guangdong. Zhang Dejiang resigns from his posts in Guangdong. (Xinhua)
2007 Belgian government formationFormateur Yves Leterme resigns. (Bloomberg)
The United States wins its first Davis Cup since 1995 taking an unbeatable 3-0 lead over Russia in the final in Portland, Oregon. (AP via CBS Sports)
Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez's constitutional amendments are rejected by a margin of 51% to 49% in a popular vote. He concedes the vote. (AP via Yahoo! News)
Russian President Vladimir Putin's United Russia party wins 62.8% of the votes in Russia's parliamentary elections. (Reuters)
Sébastien Loeb wins the World Rally Championship for the fourth time in a row, a feat only so far accomplished by Tommi Mäkinen. (Reuters)
Brazil starts free-to-air digital television transmissions in São Paulo, but broadcasting companies must transmit signals in both analogue and digital formats until June 2016. (Folha de S. Paulo)
The Taliban threaten to escalate attacks in Afghanistan after a year of record violence. (The Independent)
Venezuela introduces the new Bolívar fuerte currency (ISO 4217, code: VEF) to combat inflation. (ABC News)
Fatah–Hamas conflict: At least eight people have died in factional fighting in the Gaza Strip in the past 24 hours, reports say. (BBC News)
Cyprus and Malta adopt the euro currency, becoming the 14th and 15th countries to do so. Cypriot pound and Maltese lira notes and coins will remain valid in shops until the end of the month, and exchangeable at the respective central banks for some years. (BBC News)
A fire in a church in Eldoret, Western Kenya kills fifty people who were sheltering from violence after the disputed presidential election. (AP via Google Red News)
US Diplomat John Granville, working for the United States Agency for International Development in Sudan, is murdered. (AP via Google News)
Thiyagarajah Maheswaran, a minority Sri Lankan Tamil parliamentarian, is shot dead at a Hindu temple in Colombo, Sri Lanka.(Times of India)
Crude oil prices surge past $100 a barrel briefly in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. (AP via Yahoo! Finance)
Clashes in Kenya (2007-present):Both sides in Kenya's disputed election accuse the other of violence as diplomatic efforts intensify to defuse the country's political crisis. (BBC News)There were reports of several more deaths overnight, with two police officers killed in Kericho by youths armed with bows and arrows. (BBC News)
Islamic insurgency in Algeria (2002–present): A suicide attack kills at least three people in Naciria, east of Algiers. (BBC News)
A small plane crashes at Mount Airy, North Carolina resulting in the death of six passengers. (WSLS)
Iraq War: At least 43 people are killed and 85 injured as a result of two bombings in markets in central Baghdad. (News Limited)
RORO ferry MS Riverdance runs aground in Blackpool, England after its cargo shifts in heavy seas. All passengers and crew are airlifted to safety. (Blackpool Gazette)
A third fiber-optic submarine communications cable, FALCON, is cut two days after SEA-ME-WE 4 and FLAG were damaged. (BBC News)
United States presidential election, 2008: Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney wins the Maine Republican caucus. (Bloomberg News)
Five people are shot dead in a women's clothing store in Tinley Park, Illinois with the person responsible fleeing the scene. (AP via The Washington Post) (The Sun-Herald)
An explosion on a bus in Dambulla, Sri Lanka kills at least 20 people. (BBC News)
War in Chad (2005–present):Battle of N'Djamena: Chadian rebels enter the capital N'Djamena and head for the presidential palace. (BBC News)The Libyan Jamahiriya News Agency claims that the Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi has brokered a ceasefire. (Reuters)
French President Nicolas Sarkozy marries singer and former supermodel Carla Bruni at the Élysée Palace. (TF1)
Serbian presidential election, 2008: Boris Tadić is reelected President of Serbia. (BBC News)
Two IDF soldiers and at least 50 Palestinians are killed during an Israeli military operation in the Gaza Strip. (Jerusalem Post)
A wind storm in Europe kills four people in Austria, two people in Germany, and two people in the Czech Republic. (AFP)
The President of Armenia Robert Kocharyan declares a state of emergency following anti-government protests in Yerevan. (Reuters)
Raúl Reyes, the second in command of the FARC guerilla organization, is killed in a Colombian military operation in northern Ecuador. (El Tiempo)
Renewed violence erupts in the Abyei region of Sudan. Approximately 70 deaths are reported and analysts warn that further conflict could threaten the peace process. (Reuters Alertnet)
A Lufthansa Airbus 320 nearly crashes while landing in Hamburg, Germany due to high winds. The pilot was able to stabilize the plane and successfully landed on the second try. No one was injured. (Stern)
South American diplomatic crisis: President Hugo Chávez orders the closure of the Venezuelan embassy in Colombia and moves ten battalions to the Colombian-Venezuelan border in response to the killing of FARC leader Raúl Reyes in Ecuador by Colombian armed forces the previous day. Rafael Correa, the President of Ecuador, orders troops to the Colombian border. The Colombian government accuses Correa of having "a relationship and commitments" with FARC. (AP via Google News) (AP via Google News) (BBC News)
Two bombings in quick succession hit a Russian police convoy in the town of Khasavyurt in the Republic of Dagestan. (AP via Fox News)
Eight people are killed in violent protests in Yerevan, Armenia, following protests over the outcome of the latest presidential election. (Reuters via The Sydney Morning Herald)
President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad arrives in Baghdad for the first state visit to Iraq by an Iranian president since the Iran-Iraq War. (AP via The Hindu)
A human rights group in Sri Lanka has blamed local security forces for the massacre of 17 aid workers in 2006 and accused the government of a cover-up. (BBC News)
The Swedish national postal service will merge with its Danish counterpart, the new group will be based in Stockholm. (Reuters)
Finland's Foreign Minister Ilkka Kanerva is forced to resign after a scandal involving 200 text messages sent to a stripper. (AP via CNN.com)
India warns the Dalai Lama not to anger the People's Republic of China. (BBC News)
Delays in releasing the official results of parliamentary and presidential elections in Zimbabwe are met with widespread speculation and concerns over possible vote rigging. (CNN) (BBC News)
In Rijeka, Croatia, University of Rijeka officially founded Department of Biotechnology, Department of Informatics, Department of Mathematics, Department of Physics.
Leader of the House of Commons Harriet Harman becomes the first Labour woman ever to answer Prime Minister's Questions. (The Scotsman)
A cross human-cow embryo survives a third straight day after being fertilized at Newcastle University, England. A director for embryonic stem cell laboratories at the Australian Stem Cell Centre said that the "99 per cent human" embryo could improve research within the field of human diseases. The Catholic Church in England however said that the creation was "monstrous" and says that the later destruction of it is unethical. (News.com.au)
The United States House of Representatives votes to provide $50 billion over five years to fight AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria in Africa and other third world areas. (AP via Google News)
Suspended Serb prison workers from Lipljan, Kosovo, claim that Serbia has not paid them money promised for leaving the Kosovo institutions. (B-92)
The United States Air Force grounds all T-38C training aircraft following two fatal accidents within 8 days. (AP via CNN)
Sudanese cameraman Sami Mohy El Din Muhammed Al Hajj is released from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp after more than six years in captivity. (AFP via Google News)
The President of the United States George W. Bush authorises tougher sanctions on Myanmar including a freeze on assets held by Myanmar state owned companies held in the United States. (Reuters)
The United States Federal Reserve System auctions off $24.12 billion in Treasury securities to help relieve the subprime mortgage crisis. (AP via Google News)
The President of the United States George W. Bush calls on the United States Congress to approve a $US700 million food aid package to help relieve the 2007-2008 world food price crisis. (AP via Google News)
News anchor Barbara Walters admits to having affair with US Senator Edward Brooke. (AP via CNN)
Sir Anthony Mamo, who was the first President of the Republic of Malta and the world's oldest former head of state, dies at the age of 99. (Times of Malta)
Eight people are killed and at least 20 injured after a bus carrying North American and European tourists crashes on the Sinai peninsula in Egypt. (BBC News)
In Australia, a collision between a fishing boat and a runabout on Sydney Harbour kills five people. (Sydney Morning Herald) (ABC Australia)
Voters in England and Wales go to the polls for the United Kingdom local elections, 2008. Early results showed the opposition Conservative Party performing strongly with 44 per cent of the vote while the governing Labour Party was performing poorly with 24 per cent of the vote.(The Telegraph) (The Telegraph)
Thirteen people are killed and 14 others injured in a bus crash in Anzoátegui, Venezuela. (Xinhua)
At least 8 people are suffocated at the Samuel K. Doe stadium in Monrovia, Liberia in a 2010 World Cup qualification match between Liberia and Gambia. (AP via CNNSI)
The Rajasthan Royals led by Shane Warne win the first Indian Premier League cricket competition defeating the Chennai Super Kings in the final at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai. (AAP via Fox Sports)
United States presidential election, 2008: New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Puerto Rico Democratic primary, 2008. (The Guardian)
The Australian Army ends its combat role in Iraq, as about 500 troops withdraw from Nasiriyah. (Reuters)
Macedonian voters go to the polls for the Macedonian parliamentary election, 2008 with reports of violence in ethnic Albanian areas. The Prime Minister of Macedonia Nikola Gruevski claims victory for his centre-right party. (Reuters) (BBC News)
Voters in the Bolivian departments of Beni and Pando go to the polls for autonomy referendums. (AP via CNN)
A large fire breaks out at Universal Studios Hollywood in Los Angeles. There was at least one explosion. (Sky News)
A SNCF train runs into a school bus at a level crossing at Mesinges, near the town of Allinges in the mountainous Haute Savoie area of France with at least six people killed. (Reuters)
Astronomers using the Mount John University Observatory discover MOA-2007-BLG-192-L b, the smallest known extrasolar planet which does not orbit a pulsar. (PhysOrg.com)
At least 38 people die as a motorised ferry sinks in Myanmar's Irrawaddy Delta. (CNN)
Police in Portugal announce that they are closing the investigation on the disappearance of Madeleine McCann. (NineMsn news)
Natalie Coughlin and Aaron Peirsol break world records for the 100 metres backstroke at the United States Olympic trials. (AFP via Sydney Morning Herald)
A jury orders pharmaceutical companies GlaxoSmithKline and Novartis to pay $114 million in compensation to the Government of Alabama for overcharging for Medicaid prescription drugs. (AP via Google News)
Starbucks announces that it will close 600 underperforming coffee shops in the United States. (AP via CNN Money)
A man stabs five people to death in a Shanghai police station. (AP via Google News)
A four-day state of emergency is declared in Mongolia after violent protests following the legislative elections. (BBC News)
Thousands of citizens battle local government officials in a major riot in Guizhou in China over a police cover-up dealing with the death of a local girl. (Straitstimes)
LDU Quito wins the Copa Libertadores 2008 defeating Fluminense in the final after a penalty shootout. (ESPNsoccernet)
31 years after its launch, the Voyager 2 spacecraft sends a detailed view of the shock wave that marks the thinning of the solar wind, the charged particles streaming from the sun, confirming that the heliosphere is actually egg-shaped, possibly due to a tilted magnetic field in local interstellar space. (The Daily Telegraph) (AFP via Google News) (Fox News)
The International Atomic Energy Agency unanimously approves a safeguards agreement with India, a precondition of the nuclear deal with the United States. (Sify)
Unemployment in the United States rises to 5.7 per cent, its highest rate in more than four years. (VOA)
Vietnam's capital Hanoi absorbs the neighboring province of Hà Tây, tripling its area and doubling its population. (Thanh Nien News)
U.S. government officials conclude that elements of Pakistan's intelligence service, the Inter-Services Intelligence, aided militants in the July 7 suicide car bomb attack on India's embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan. The government of Pakistan denied involvement. (The New York Times) (The Wall Street Journal) (AP via The New York Times)
At least 20 people are killed after a fire breaks out on a passenger train in Warangal, Andhra Pradesh, India. (BBC News)
2008 Summer Olympics:The International Olympic Committee and the Beijing Organizing Committee reach an agreement on Internet access for the 2008 Olympic Games. (Reuters via The New York Times)Several restrictions remain as the International Olympic Committee and Chinese organisers BOCOG claim they have lifted all Internet restrictions for media covering the Beijing Games. (The Times) (AFP via Google News)
King Tupou V is crowned as the 23rd Monarch of Tonga. (The Times)
At least 11 people die following the collapse of a three-story girls' dormitory due to an explosion in the village of Balcilar in Konya Province in central Anatolia, Turkey. (AP via Google News)
The South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation holds a summit meeting in Colombo, Sri Lanka, with terrorism high on the agenda. (BBC News)
A total solar eclipse is visible from northern Canada (Nunavut), Greenland, central Russia, eastern Kazakhstan, western Mongolia and China. (AFP via Google News)
U.S. Republican Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin's 17-year-old daughter Bristol is revealed to be five months pregnant. (BBC) (Telegraph.co.uk) (AP) (Al Jazeera) (Wall Street Journal)
The U.S. military hands control of Al Anbar Governorate over to the Iraqi government. (BBC)
An ACLU lawsuit challenges gag orders in National Security Letters. (AP via Google News) (BBC)
2008 Atlantic hurricane season:Tropical Storm Hanna becomes Hurricane Hanna (2008) with hurricane warnings issued for the Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos. (MSNBC)Tropical Storm Ike (2008) forms east of the Leeward Islands. (Miami Herald)Hurricane Gustav weakens to a tropical storm in central Louisiana after being responsible for 7 deaths in the United States and more than 90 in the Caribbean. (UPI)
2008 South Ossetia war:The European Union suspends talks on a new partnership agreement with Moscow until Russian troops have withdrawn from Georgia. (BBC)Russia accuses the West of sending weapons to Georgia along with aid, while the European Union considers possible sanctions against Russia. (CNN)
Japanese Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda abruptly resigns less than a year after taking office, triggering a leadership election. (BBC)
A Government of Orissa report states 558 houses and 17 places of worship were burnt in the 2008 Orissa violence. (Times of India)
Robert French is sworn in as the 12th Chief Justice of Australia. (ABC (Australia))
Manchester City Football Club is bought out by the Abu Dhabi United Group for Investment and Development Limited, the consortium led by Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan. This effectively made City the richest Football Club in the world. It also made Transfer Deadline Day one of the most memorable, with City's new found wealth allowing them to bid for such players as Dimitar Berbatov, Fernando Torres, Mario Gomez and David Villa. They eventually signed Robinho for a British Record Fee of £32.5million. The takeover and the Robinho deal as a whole sent shockwaves throughout the Sporting world. (Independent)
New study shows that children of older fathers are at higher risk of psychological conditions such as bipolar disorder, autism and schizophrenia. (Reuters)
Russia's supreme court declares the imperial dynasty victims of political repression, marking the official rehabilitation of the house of Romanov. The decision overturns a lower court ruling that classified the killings as plain murder, and exonerates Emperor Nicholas II and his family of the alleged crimes the Bolshevik regime used to justify their killing. (Reuters)[dead link]
The United States Senate passes the civilian nuclear agreement with India by a vote of 86–13. India has not signed the Non-Proliferation Treaty, but may now undertake nuclear trade to the States (TOI)
The National Transportation Safety Board reports that a Metrolink engineer sent a text message 22 seconds before the Chatsworth train collision in Los Angeles, California, that killed 25 people. (CBS)
Mayor of Melbourne John So announces his resignation. (news.com.au)
United States Army General David D. McKiernan, the commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan, says that a greater military presence is "needed as quickly as possible." (CNN)
Subprime mortgage crisis:U.S. Representative Carol Shea-Porter says that "more than 400 economists, including Nobel laureates, appealed to Congress to slow down and make sure [they] got [the bailout bill] right". (NHPR) (Nashua Telegraph)Swedish Minister for Finance Anders Borg slams the culture of "greed" exemplified by U.S. financial institutions and its role in precipitating the current financial crisis. (The Local)The U.S. Senate approves HR1424, a revised version of the proposed bailout of the nation's financial system. (BBC)
A new U.S. Armed Forces Unified Combatant Command for Africa—AFRICOM—is created. Main functions of AFRICOM include fighting terror, securing oil supplies in Africa, and supporting U.S. foreign policy in the region where Chinese influence is growing. (BBC) (The Nation)
A series of 4 blasts set off in Agartala, capital of the Indian state of Tripura, killing at least 4 people and injuring 100. Times of India
Sarah Palin and Joe Biden have their only scheduled debate for the vice presidency of the United States. (ABC)(WP)
Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko may face impeachment on charges of undermining national security, and illegal arms trade with Georgia months before the attack on Tskhinvali, South Ossetia, says Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko. Yushchenko earlier said the arms trade charges are "unsubstantiated". (USA Today) (Bikilar.Az) (The Times) (France24) (BBC News) (Izvestia)
Floods kill 24 people in Vietnam including 11 in the central province of Nghệ An. (BBC News)
Nineteen Moro Islamic Liberation Front rebels are killed by Filipino military air strikes in the southern part of the island of Mindanao. (AFP via ABC)
A strong aftershock measuring 5.0 on the Richter magnitude scale hits southwestern Pakistan three days after it was struck by a 6.4 magnitude earthquake. (AFP via ABC)
India's first lunar mission, Chandrayaan-1, transmits two pictures of the Earth while en route to the Moon. (The Hindu)
Lewis Hamilton wins the 2008 Formula One Drivers' Championship, beating Felipe Massa by one point to become the youngest and first black Formula One World Champion in history. (Sky News)
Sébastien Loeb of Citroën becomes the first World Rally Championship driver to become World Champion for the fifth consecutive time. (BBC News)
Rupiah Banda of the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy is sworn in as President of Zambia after being elected on October 30. (Canadian Press via Google)
A report issued by an independent investigator hired by the Alaska Personnel Board finds that Republican Vice Presidential candidate and Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin did not violate the law with regards to the so called "Troopergate scandal". However, a previous, separate legislative investigation concluded that she did abuse her office. (MSNBC)
ARATS president Chen Yunlin, the official delegation of the People's Republic of China, arrives in Taiwan for talks with SEF chairman Chiang Pin-kung. (CNN)
Itaú and Unibanco announce they will merge their banking, credit, and insurance operations, creating the largest financial services group in Brazil and the Southern Hemisphere. (Folha de S. Paulo)
In Canada, the Liberal Party, New Democratic Party, and Bloc Québécois sign an agreement to form a coalition Government with Stéphane Dion as leader, with the intention of toppling the Conservative Government that was elected less than two months before. (CTV News)
A suicide bomb attack kills 10 people, including two policemen, in the southern province in Helmand in Afghanistan. (BBC)
United States President-elect Barack Obama announces his national security team to his transition advisory board, among them being Senator Hillary Clinton of New York, who was nominated Secretary of State. (Reuters)
2008 Thai political crisis:The People's Alliance for Democracy leaves protesting at the Thai Government House and distributes protesters to Bangkok's two airports, Suvarnabhumi and Don Muang, for security reasons. (Nation Multimedia)Flights to Bangkok are canceled and moved to other parts of the country, such as Phuket, Chiang Mai and Chonburi. (BBC News), (Bangkok Post)
The Government Accountability Office releases a report that claims that the oversight of the Troubled Assets Relief Program requires additional actions to ensure "integrity, accountability, and transparency". (Washington Post) (bloomberg.com) (Wall Street Journal) (CNN Money)
The 2008 Zimbabwean cholera outbreak has claimed 425 lives and affected 10,000 people since August 2008. (Telegraph.co.uk)
NATO 2008 Brussels summitNATO member countries decide not to offer MAP to Georgia and Ukraine, the war in South Ossetia and the Ukrainian government collapse being the main reasons.(Deutsche Welle)Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer says NATO will start "conditional and graduated re-engagement" with Russia. NATO-Russia relations were frozen since the 2008 war in South Ossetia. (BBC)
United States Senate election in Georgia, 2008: Voters in the U.S. state of Georgia go to the polls for a runoff election between incumbent Senator Saxby Chambliss of the Republican Party and Jim Martin of the Democratic Party. Chambliss is reelected, ending the Democratic Party's hopes of having 60 Senators to avoid a filibuster. (Reuters), (New York Times)
The Reserve Bank of Australia cuts interest rates by 100 basis points to 4.25%. (News Limited)
2008 Thai political crisis:A blast at Don Mueang Airport kills at least one anti-government protestor and injures another 22. (BBC)Thailand's Constitutional Court dissolves the People's Power Party (PPP), the Thai Nation Party and the Neutral Democratic Party due to voter fraud and bans party leaders including the Prime Minister of Thailand Somchai Wongsawat from participating in politics for five years. A new party, Puea Thai (For Thais) is to be formed and a vote on a new PM is expected on 8 December. (BBC), (Forbes)
Israeli-Palestinian conflictAn Israeli airstrike on the Gaza Strip city of Jabalia kills senior Hamas military commander Nizar Rayan and six members of his family. (The Guardian)
At least five people die and more than 50 are injured in serial bombings in Guwahati, India. (CNN-IBN)
All Gabriele D'Annunzio's works becomes of public domain, since it has been 70 years since his death in 1938.
A nightclub fire in Bangkok, Thailand, kills 61 people and injures more than 200. (AP via Google News)
Russia's Gazprom halts deliveries of natural gas to Ukraine after negotiations over prices fail. (RIA Novosti) (Reuters)
Slovakia adopts the euro and becomes the 16th member of the Eurozone. (Reuters) (BBC)
A man is shot and killed at California's Fruitvale BART station by a Bay Area Rapid Transit officer. (Mercury News)
Virgin Galactic and the U.S. state of New Mexico sign a US$150-250 million agreement to launch sub-orbital commercial space flights at Spaceport America, near Las Cruces and Truth or Consequences. (Space.com)
A Swedish charter aircraft carrying 150 passengers touches down at Baghdad International Airport, becoming the first European commercial flight to land there since 1990. (AFP via Google News)
2008 SLA Northern offensive: The Sri Lankan Army captures the Tamil Tigers' de facto capital of Kilinochchi. (BBC)
The Pittsburgh Steelers defeat the Arizona Cardinals 27-23 to win Super Bowl XLIII. (ESPN.com)
The wreck of the British warship HMS Victory is discovered in the English Channel. (The Melbourne Age)
Four people are killed in a café shooting in Russia's Dagestan Republic. (Reuters via IHT)
Rafael Nadal of Spain defeats Roger Federer of Switzerland to win the 2009 Australian Open men's singles. (AP via Google News)
Japan Airlines conducts the first successful test flight of a Boeing 747-300 partly powered by biofuel. (Sky News Australia)
Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip fire four rockets and sixteen mortar shells into Israel's Negev region. (Haaretz)
The Japan Meteorological Agency warns that Honshū Island's Mount Asama could erupt within the next two days. (Reuters)
Kirill I is officially enthroned as Patriarch of the Russian Orthodox Church. (BBC)
The Sri Lankan Army bombs a hospital in Puthukkudiyiruppu twice, killing at least six Tamil civilians and wounding countless more patients. (AP)
France defeats Croatia to win the Men's World Handball Championship. (Croatia 2009)
The Basque Nationalist Party wins a plurality of seats in Spain's Basque Country's parliamentary elections. (CNN)
Canada's Samuel Lunenfeld Research Institute discovers a new method to create embryonic-like stem cells that could cure spinal-cord injuries and Parkinson's disease. (CTV News)
The United States Coast Guard searches Florida's west coast for a fishing vessel carrying National Football League players Marquis Cooper and Corey Smith. (Fox News)
China's first lunar probe, Chang'e 1, impacts the Moon. (Xinhua News)
The United States, Israel, and Canada will boycott the Durban Review Conference. (Jewish News Weekly) (Haaretz) (Forbes)
ASEAN concludes its annual summit in Hua Hin, Thailand, and calls for coordinated action against the current recession. (Reuters)
United States President Barack Obama nominates Kansas Governor Kathleen Sebelius as Secretary of Health and Human Services. (AP via MSNBC)
Late 2000s recession:Consumer spending in the U.S. rose in January after six successive monthly declines. (AP via MSNBC)American International Group announces a loss of US$61.7 billion for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2008. (Dow Jones via CNNMoney)The Dow Jones Industrial Average falls below 7,000 for the first time since 1997. (MarketWatch)Sweden's IF Metall trade union agrees to reductions in wages and working time by maximums of 20 percent. (IHT)
A winter storm in the eastern United States cancels 1,000 flights and cuts hundreds of thousands of people's electricity. (Reuters via News Daily)
President João Bernardo Vieira of Guinea-Bissau is assassinated in Bissau. (BBC)
The 72-year-old American soap opera Guiding Light will broadcast its final episode on September 18. (Reuters)
The United States and Russia begin Strategic Arms Limitation Talks. (The Australian)
Local government in England undergoes structural changes. (BBC)
A Computer virus called Conficker was spread through millions of computers, getting onto their computers and destroying files, and sharing information. This was supposed to be an April Fools' Day Joke.
Ukraine will hold a presidential election on October 25. (AFP via Google News)
At least eight people are killed when a Eurocopter AS332 ditches into the North Sea. (AFP via Google News)
Five thousand people protest in London as the G-20 begins its summit. (BBC)
Israeli Foreign Affairs Minister Avigdor Lieberman says that the Annapolis Conference "has no validity." (BBC)
New South Wales, Australia, declares its flooded Mid North Coast a disaster area. (ABC News Australia)
Albania and Croatia join the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. (AFP via Google News)
Police and protesters battle during May Day demonstrations in Germany, Greece, and Turkey. (BBC) (The Straits Times)
The Pakistani Army kills approximately 60 Taliban militants during Operation Black Thunder. (France24)
The man who attacked the Netherlands' Royal Family on Queen's Day dies. (RTÉ)
Carol Ann Duffy becomes the United Kingdom's first female Poet Laureate. (New York Times) (AP)
Three executives of Allied Irish Banks resign. (Irish Independent)
Associate Justice David Souter announces he will retire from the United States Supreme Court in June. (AP)
The Portuguese frigate Corte-Real confiscates explosives from Somali pirates during an attempted hijacking. (AP)
The racehorse Mine That Bird wins the 135th Kentucky Derby. (New York Times)
The Sri Lankan Army kills 91 people and injures 87 others at a hospital inside a civilian safe zone. (BBC)
The United Nations orders Israel to stop evicting Palestinians from East Jerusalem. (Al Jazeera)
Mauricio Funes is inaugurated as President of El Salvador. (Al Jazeera)
The Central Bank of Nicaragua introduces new 100 and 200 Córdoba banknotes. (TIME)
Dow Jones & Company will replace Citigroup and General Motors with Travelers Companies and Cisco Systems on its Industrial Average on June 8. (CNNMoney.com)
Air France Flight 447 disappears over the Atlantic Ocean, near Brazil. (AFP via News Limited) (BigPond News)
The United States Congressional Research Service reports that China is aiding the development of Pakistan's program of nuclear weaponry. (The Times of India)
General Motors files for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. (Detroit Free Press)
The Taliban kidnaps approximately 400 people in North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan. (Reuters) (RTÉ)
More than 40,000 females compete in the Women's Mini Marathon in Dublin, Ireland. (Evening Herald) (The Irish Times)
The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta refuses to release British hostage Matthew Maguire. (BBC)
A man kills one soldier and injures another at a military recruitment center in Little Rock, Arkansas. (MSNBC)(AP)
TerreStar-1, the largest commercial telecommunication satellite ever built, is successfully launched. (spaceflightnow.com )
The European Union declares Ireland free of brucellosis, a disease which cost the country millions of euro to eradicate. (RTÉ) (The Irish Times)
The Organization of American States gives Honduras three days to restore its deposed president, Manuel Zelaya. (The New York Times)
Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt assumes the rotating presidency over the European Union. (Reuters)
Officials in Comoros confirm that one passenger from Yemenia Flight 626, a 14-year-old girl, has been found alive. (BBC)
Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader resigns amidst European Union negotiations standstill and economic crisis. (BBC)
The Met Office issues a level-3 heat wave alert across London and the South East of England for the first time since June 2006. (BBC)
Taoiseach Brian Cowen informs Dáil Éireann that Ireland has 11.9% unemployment, with June's growth the slowest rate of increase since January. (RTÉ)
Three staff from the British Embassy in Tehran, Iran, are released after being detained for allegedly having a role in the post-election protests. (BBC)
The remains of Jane Deasy are positively identified in the bodies recovered from Air France Flight 447. (RTÉ)
At least two people are killed and at least fifteen are wounded in a shooting attack at a building frequented by gay youths in Tel-Aviv, Israel. (Haaretz)
4,000 people are evacuated from the Canary Islands due to severe forest fires. (RTÉ)
Former President of the Philippines Corazon Aquino dies at the age of 76 of cardiopulmonary arrest after complications of colon cancer. A memorial service and funeral is scheduled for August 5. (Philippine Daily Inquirer)
Russia signs a deal to open a second military base in Kyrgyzstan at a Collective Security Treaty Organisation summit. (AP)
The trial of 30 protesters in Iran who demonstrated in protests after the disputed presidential election begins. (Press TV) (BBC) (Al Jazeera)
Thousands demonstrate in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, against a current security law that allows for detention without trial. (Bernama) (Al Jazeera) (The Times of India)
Police fire tear gas and arrest over 400 people at street protests over laws that can see people detained indefinitely without trial by the authorities in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. (RTÉ)(Malaysian Insider)
Venezuela orders 34 private radio stations to be closed. (CNN) (Al Jazeera)
Chinese hackers target the website of the Melbourne International Film Festival for a second time as Uyghur leader Rebiya Kadeer is to visit the country. (AFP) (The Australian) (Bloomberg)
North Korea says a South Korean fishing boat it seized "illegally" entered its waters. (Yonhap) (BBC)
European leaders remember the victims of World War II at ceremonies marking the start of the conflict 70 years ago. (RTÉ) (BBC) (CBC) (Time) (Japan Today)
Muammar al-Gaddafi:Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi celebrates the 40th anniversary of the coup d'état which brought him to power. (RTÉ)Tripoli's streets are decked with thousands of multicolored lights, and hundreds of Gaddafi portraits and placards paying tribute to the leader, with celebrations attended by African, Arab and Latin American leaders but largely ignored by the West. (Al Arabiya)Gaddafi is hailed as a knight of revolution as celebrations get underway in the country. (The Guardian)Gaddafi dedicates the first mass performance of a week of celebration to his adopted daughter Hannah, who was killed in an U.S. air raid on Tripoli in 1986. (The Daily Telegraph)
President Tabaré Vázquez of Uruguay shuffles his cabinet, with Gonzalo Fernández, drafter of all major legislation, moving from Foreign Affairs to Defence. (MercoPress)
Former heavyweight world champion boxer Muhammad Ali visits the birthplace of his great-grandfather in Ennis, Ireland. (RTÉ) (BBC) (The Daily Telegraph) (The Guardian)
Speaking in Lima's El Comercio in response to some ironic quotes by Peruvian President Alan García, Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez says his country will continue to export oil to the United States because it is "in interest". (MercoPress)
Fiji is suspended from the Commonwealth of Nations, only the second full suspension in the organization's history. (BBC) (Times of India)
Alain Robert scales Tower Two of the Petronas Towers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, using no safety equipment. (BBC) (Al Jazeera) (New Straits Times)
The unemployment rate across the Eurozone reaches a ten-year high of 9.5%. (BBC)
Chile's government sets aside 4 billion pesos for the purchase of more fuel-efficient trucks for citizens through its “Cambia tu Camión” (“Change your Truck”) program. (MercoPress)
The European Union bans the manufacture or import of 100 watt incandescent light bulbs, beginning a phase-out in favour of energy-saving compact fluorescent lamps. (BBC)
Around 150 Venezuelan students end a weeklong hunger strike protesting against alleged human rights abuses in Venezuela, after Organization of American States officials agree to meet the students and one of their leaders is released. (El Universal) (Reuters)
Ateke Tom, militant leader of the Niger Delta Vigilante in the Niger Delta region, accepts an amnesty by the Nigerian government. (Vanguard) (BBC) (AFP)
Treaty of Lisbon:Ahead of the second Irish referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon, the Vatican issues a warning to Irish voters that the European Union threatens Ireland's "identity, traditions and history". (The Daily Telegraph)Ireland's Taoiseach Brian Cowen rules out a third referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon if the second referendum due on 2 October is again rejected by the Irish people. (Irish Independent)
The International Monetary Fund says the global economy is "recovering faster than expected", raising its forecast for global growth to 3.1% for 2010, up from 2.5%. (IMF Survey online)
A second earthquake measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale occurs near Sumatra, Indonesia, following a 7.6 magnitude earthquake the previous day. (Reuters) (The Australian)The death toll from the previous earthquake rises to at least 1100. (BBC) (Bloomberg)
The Justices of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom are sworn into office, replacing the Law Lords as the final court of appeal in the country. (BBC) (The Times)
Mass celebrations take place in Beijing to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China. (Xinhua) (BBC)
Iran agrees to allow inspections of a recently revealed nuclear facility near the city of Qom. (The New York Times)
The Romanian coalition government collapses with the withdrawal of the Social Democratic Party, in protest at the sacking of one of its members. (Adevarul) (AFP) (Al Jazeera)
The opposition in Guinea reject a call by the ruling junta to create a unity government. (Reuters) (Al Jazeera)
At least two women are killed and six people trapped after a landslide in Los Gigantes, Tenerife. (The Daily Telegraph) (RTÉ) (Reuters) (BBC)
South Sudan's leader, Salva Kiir, announces he will back the independence of the semi-autonomous region in a 2011 referendum. (BBC) (Al Jazeera)
A ship carrying 100 tons of hydrochloric acid sinks in a section of the Yangtze River in China's central Hubei province after colliding with another vessel. (AFP) (Xinhua)
Nigeria's main rebel group, the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta, threatens to call off its ceasefire with the government if foreign oil companies do not leave their land. (Al Jazeera)
At least 14 people are dead after Typhoon Mirinae hits the Philippines. (CNN) (Philippine Inquirier)
China's legislature sacks the country's education minister, Zhou Ji, amid a corruption scandal, replacing him with his deputy Yuan Guiren. (Times of India) (Associated Press) (Xinhua)
Six Uyghurs detained at Guantanamo Bay detention camp are released by the United States and resettled in Palau. (Associated Press) (Press TV)
11 people are killed after a Russian military cargo plane belonging to the Interior Ministry crashes in Yakutia. (RIA Novosti) (Press Trust of India)
The West Atlas oil rig that has leaked oil and gas for 10 weeks into the Timor Sea catches fire after an attempt to plug the leak. (BBC) (The Australian)
Several events are held to celebrate the 125th anniversary of the Gaelic Athletic Association. (RTÉ)
Porfirio Lobo Sosa is elected President of Honduras. Turnout increases dramatically despite ousted former President Manuel Zelaya's plea for a boycott. (Huffington Post)
In a major policy speech, South African President Jacob Zuma announces the country will treat all HIV positive babies and expand testing. (IOL) (AP) (Al Jazeera)
U.S. President Barack Obama announces that he will send 30,000 extra American troops to Afghanistan within the next six months and start withdrawal in 19 months. (The New York Times)
U.S. golfer Tiger Woods announces that he will not be attending his own charity golf tournament, the Chevron World Challenge, or any other tournaments in 2009. (AP via Google News)
Maurice Clemmons, suspect in the 2009 shooting of Lakewood, Washington, police officers, is shot dead by police in Seattle. (BBC)
The UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office says efforts are continuing to secure the release of sailors captured by the Iranian Navy on November 25, while Iran warns it will deal with them seriously if it exposes "malicious intent". (BBC) (Press TV) (Al Jazeera)
The International Court of Justice begins hearings into the legality of the Kosovan declaration of independence from Serbia. (AFP) (BBC)
North Korea raises the value of its currency for the first time in 17 years. (Chosun Ilbo) (Yonhap) (Financial Times)
Tony Abbott becomes the leader of the Federal Liberal Party of Australia and Leader of the Opposition defeating Malcolm Turnbull by 42 votes to 41 following a party revolt over its position on the Rudd government's Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme. (ABC News Australia) (BBC)
The Treaty of Lisbon enters into force:The European Union now has legal personality and has acquired the competences previously conferred on the European Community. Community law therefore becomes European Union law. (ECJ)The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union enters into force. (AFP via Google News)The European Court of Justice acquires general jurisdiction to give preliminary rulings in the area of freedom, security and justice. (ECJ)The first permanent President of the European Council, Herman Van Rompuy, officially takes office. (AFP via Google News)The first EU High Representative for Common Foreign and Security Policy, Catherine Ashton, officially takes office. (AFP via Google News)
At least 18 FARC rebels are killed while celebrating the New Year in an air raid by the Colombian Air Force in the south of the country. (Latin American Herald Tribune) (Al Jazeera)
2010 Lakki Marwat suicide bombing: At least 95 people are killed, more than 100 more are injured and 20 houses are destroyed after a suicide bomber blows himself up at a volleyball game in Lakki Marwat, northwest Pakistan. (The Times) (Express India) (BBC News)
Russians are surprised by a cartoon "gently lampooning" Dmitry Medvedev and Vladimir Putin who are portrayed dancing, singing and playing musical instruments. (BBC) (France 24)
China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) launch a Free Trade Area. (New York Times) (Xinhua)
At least 19 people are dead and five are injured as mudslide hits an island resort near Angra dos Reis, Ilha Grande. Large numbers also killed elsewhere in Brazil. (BBC) (The Washington Post)
A study suggests that teenagers who go to bed late are more likely to develop depression and to have suicidal thoughts. (BBC News) (CBC) (Sleep)
Researchers announce that the likely origin of devil facial tumour disease, a transmissible cancer which has caused the population of Tasmanian devils to collapse by 60% in the past decade, is Schwann cells. (BBC) (Time) (New York Times) (Science)
A Cambodian court issues an arrest warrant for opposition leader Sam Rainsy, for failing to turn up at court over a border dispute with Vietnam. (BBC) (Phnom Penh Post)
North Korea calls for the end of hostilities with the United States and a nuclear free Korean Peninsula, to restart talks; in its annual New Year editorial. (Yonhap) (CNN) (Al Jazeera)
Spain takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union from Sweden. (BBC News) (Deutsche Welle) (euronews)
US President Barack Obama will propose a $3.8 trillion budget for fiscal 2011 that foresees the deficit hitting a record $1.6 trillion in the current fiscal year but falling to about $700 billion by 2013. (WSJ)
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton presses China to back Iran sanctions for its nuclear program. (WSJ)
United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon arrives in Cyprus to begin talks aimed at reuniting the country. (The Hindu) (Deutsche Welle) (UN News Centre)
Nigerian militant group the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta denies it attacked oil pipelines in the south of the country, after Shell closes three oil flow stations. (Al Jazeera) (BBC)
Envoys of the Dalai Lama return from Beijing after the ninth round of negotiations. (Times of India) (Xinhua) (RIA Novosti)
A female suicide bomber kills 41 people and injures a further 106 in an attack in the Iraqi capital Baghdad. (Al Jazeera) (The Daily Telegraph)
Nine people are killed in a bus rampage in Tianjin, northern China. (BBC) (China Daily) (Taiwan News)
52nd Grammy Awards:Pop singer Beyoncé Knowles wins the most awards at the 52nd Grammy Awards, winning six of her ten nominations including Song of the Year for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", and becoming the first woman to win six awards in the same night. (BBC) (The Times of India) (Chicago Tribune)Rock band AC/DC win their first ever Grammy Award. (The Daily Telegraph)Seven performers, including Michael Jackson, Bobby Darin and Loretta Lynn, are awarded Lifetime Achievement Awards. (All About Jazz)
Chinese state media voices its disapproval after the Obama administration unveils its first arms package for Taiwan, a move that prompted China to threaten sanctions on the firms involved. (Reuters) (BBC)
Anti-government protests take place in cities across Russia, with 100 protesters detained at rallies in Moscow and Saint Petersburg. (BBC) (The Moscow Times) (Sify)
Sony blames recent malfunctions of older PS3 "fat" models on an internal clock glitch. (BBC)
An aeroplane carrying aid materials for the 2010 Chile earthquake crashes killing at least six people. (ABC)
In response to the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Dubai's police chief states that travelers suspected of being Israeli will not be allowed into the United Arab Emirates even if they arrive with passports issued by other countries. (AP), (The Jerusalem Post)
Xynthia:President of France Nicolas Sarkozy gives €3 million to areas devastated by France's worst storm for over a decade, calling the storm a "national disaster". (The Guardian) (The Daily Telegraph) (RTÉ)Current death tolls: France (50), Germany (5), Spain (3), Portugal (1), Belgium (1) (The Sydney Morning Herald)
Floodwaters in Les Cayes and surrounding areas responsible for the deaths of 8 Haitians recede. (Al Jazeera)
Georgia and Russia re-open their only usable land border crossing, located on the Caucasus Mountains, for traffic and trade for the first time in four years. (Al Jazeera) (Press TV) (Toronto Sun) (Xinhua)
Spain requests an explanation from Venezuela concerning allegations that it helped terrorist groups Euskadi Ta Askatasuna and FARC plot to kill Colombian President Álvaro Uribe and other Colombian personalities in Spanish soil. (BBC) (Houston Chronicle) (Sky News)
Goalkeeper Kodjovi Obilalé, shot in the Togo national football team attack prior to the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations in Angola, is to return to France after emergency surgery in Johannesburg. (Radio Netherlands Worldwide) (Reuters South Africa)
63-year-old former President of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina Ejup Ganić is detained at London Heathrow Airport while trying to leave the UK to escape charges of war crimes. (BBC) (RTÉ) (Radio Srbija) (Al Jazeera) (The New York Times)
The Palestinian cabinet moves its weekly meeting from Ramallah to Hebron in a symbolic protest at the decision by Israel to add Hebron's Cave of the Patriarchs and Rachel's Tomb in Bethlehem to its list of national heritage sites. (Voice of America)
The Indian government initiates The Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act to provide free and compulsory education to all children aged between 6 and 14 years, making education a fundamental right for millions of children. (The Hindu) (Al Jazeera) (BBC) (The Times) (Press TV)
Israeli–Palestinian conflict:After Palestinians fire a Qassam rocket that explodes in an open area of the city of Ashkelon, Israeli planes launch air strikes on several targets in the Gaza Strip, in locations which include Gaza City, Khan Yunis and Rafah. (The Jerusalem Post) (BBC) (Ynetnews)Palestinians and Lebanese protest the arrest of Abbas Zaki, former Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) representative in Lebanon. Maronite Patriarch Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir asks that he be released immediately. (The Daily Star Lebanon)
Archbishop of Dublin Diarmuid Martin, speaking at Holy Thursday mass in St Mary's Pro-Cathedral, criticizes Catholics who believe the church should move on from recent child abuse scandals in Ireland. (RTÉ)
Archbishop of Westminster Vincent Nichols says he "understands arguments for condoms", in apparent conflict with Roman Catholic Church teaching on contraception. (Reuters)
Southern Sudan's Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM) announces its decision to withdraw its presidential candidate, Yasir Arman, from elections. Most other opposition parties join them. (BBC) (Reuters) (The Star)
Almost 25,000 homes remain powerless after part of Northern Ireland's electricity network is knocked out. (BBC) (RTÉ)
Guinea-Bissau's chief of staff and Prime Minister Carlos Domingos Gomes Júnior are "seized" as national radio broadcasts are replaced by military music. (BBC) (France24) (Al Jazeera) (CNN)
India launches its new 2011 biometric census, the largest census in the world. (The Times of India) (BBC) (The Guardian) (France24) (Bangkok Post)
President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev pays an unexpected visit to Dagestan, the day after the deaths of 12 people occur there in a double suicide attack. (BBC) (The Sydney Moning Herald) (France24)
Missing four-year-old Paulette Gebara Farah, whose disappearance from her home in Huixquilucan, Edomex, achieved major publicity in Mexico, is found dead under a mattress in her bedroom. (BBC) (The Sydney Morning Herald) (The Melbourne Age)
Part of New York City's Times Square is evacuated and sealed off as a car bomb is discovered and deactivated before it could be detonated. (ABC News) (BBC) (Philippine Daily Inquirer) (Sydney Morning Herald)
Dozens of people are killed by twin bomb blasts inside a Mogadishu mosque. (Reuters) (Al Jazeera) (BBC) (San Francisco Chronicle) (The Times)
Four soldiers are killed and several sustain wounds in a rocket, rifle and grenade attack on a military outpost near Nazimiye in Turkey. (BBC)
In thoroughbred racing, Super Saver, ridden by Calvin Borel, wins the 2010 Kentucky Derby. (AP)
At least one person is killed and 21 others are injured at a horse race in Nalchik, Kabardino-Balkaria. (Al Jazeera)
At least two civilians are killed and ten more are wounded by a suicide attack on a market in Swat Valley. (Al Jazeera)
Johnson & Johnson announces the recall of 43 over-the-counter medicines intended for infants and children, affecting the United States and nine other markets. (Washington Post)
At least 150,000 people gather in Kathmandu to support Maoists who want the Prime Minister to resign; a general strike is called for on Sunday, May 2. (Al Jazeera) (BBC) (The News International) (CNN)
Greek police shoot tear gas at protesters in Athens during an anti-government march. (BBC) (Sky News) (The Times)
Thousands of people protest in Tirana, demanding a recount of votes from last June's parliamentary elections. (Al Jazeera) (BBC) (Deutsche Welle) (France24)
At least 5 people are killed in an attack on the Lahore hospital in Pakistan where many of the injured in Friday's attack on members of the Ahmadis sect, as well as one of the captured militants, are undergoing treatment. (Geotv) (The Hindu) (USA Today) (CNN)
Al-Qaeda's top leader in Afghanistan, and Osama bin Laden's third in command, Mustafa Abu al-Yazid, is reported killed. (The Australian) (CNN)
Israeli–Palestinian conflictThe Israeli Defense Forces kill two Palestinians terrorists in Gaza who were attempting to cross the border fence, after an exchange of gunfire. Israel closes four settlements, Route 323 and schools as a result of the incident. (The Jerusalem Post)The Jerusalem Post reports that Israeli soldiers have engaged and killed what they describe as three "terrorists" who had fired Kassam Rockets into Israeli lands. No injuries were reported from the rocket attacks.(The Jerusalem Post)The head of Gaza emergency services confirms that these three Palestinian bodies were retrieved and brought to a morgue in Gaza City. (Aljazeera)
The Nanjing Metro opens its Line 2, extending its route length from 22km to 85km, and the number of stations from 16 to 57. (Railway Gazette)
Former Vice President of the United States Al Gore and his wife Tipper announce their separation. (USA Today)
Poland publishes the transcript of flight data recorders from the fatal 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash which killed 96 officials and intellectuals on 10 April. (BBC) (China Daily) (Aljazeera)
Tropical Storm Agatha132 people are killed across Central America in the aftermath of the first named storm of the 2010 Pacific hurricane season. (Reuters) (USA Today)Torrential rains open a large sinkhole which swallows an intersection and part of a city block in Guatemala City. (BBC)
America's Obama administration warns that BP's oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico could continue until August. (The Australian)
The Iranian ambassador in Baghdad says the recent release of two Iranians from Iraqi custody is not an indication of any impeding deal to free three Americans held in Tehran on spying charges since their capture in July 2009 while hiking in northern Iraq's mountainous Kurdish region. (USA Today)
The United States insists any Afghan peace deal must ensure women's rights as Afghanistan prepares to open a peace conference aimed at persuading Taliban leaders to put down their weapons. (USA Today)
Israeli-Palestinian conflict:In response to a rocket attack on southern Israel, Israeli airforce jets strike several targets in Gaza overnight, including Yasser Arafat International Airport, a weapons manufacturing facility and an infiltration tunnel into Israel. (Xinhua) (Arab News) (The Jerusalem Post)European Union High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Catherine Ashton says the planned demolition of Palestinian houses in East Jerusalem for an archeological park and tourist center is "an obstacle to peace" and "illegal under international law". (Arab News) (Israel National News)The Methodist Church of Great Britain votes in Portsmouth to boycott Israeli-produced goods and services from the West Bank because of what it termed Israel's "illegal occupation of Palestinian lands". (The Jerusalem Post)United States Middle East envoy George J. Mitchell accuses Hamas of “unacceptable and inhuman behavior” with regard to captive soldier Gilad Shalit, held in isolation in Gaza for the last four years, and calls for his immediate release. (The Jerusalem Post)The son of a founding member of Hamas is granted asylum in the United States. (Aljazeera)
11 Kurdish, a soldier and three members of a Kurdish militia, part of the security forces, are killed in clashes in southeast Turkey, reports Anatolia news agency. (Khaleej Times)
At least 42 people are killed and at least 175 are injured in three suicide bomb explosions at the Data Darbar Sufi shrine in Lahore. (The News International) (Aljazeera) (BBC) (CNN) (Xinhua)
Somali President Sharif Ahmed joins Somali troops on the front line during battles on the 50th anniversary of the country's independence. (CNN) (BBC)
Millions of people in Senegal mourn the death of Grand Marabout of the Mourides, Serigne Mouhamadou Lamine Bara Mbacké. (ABC News) (BBC) (AP)
People take to the streets in Ottawa to celebrate Canada's 143rd birthday. (CTV)
ChinaChina's Xinhua launches a global 24-hour English TV news channel. (AP via Yahoo!) (Channel News Asia)The Shanghai–Nanjing High-Speed Railway goes into operation; the journey takes 73 minutes with a top-speed of 350km/h (217 mph). (Shanghai Daily) (Xinhua)
Hurricane Alex, the first hurricane of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season, makes landfall in northeastern Mexico as a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale with winds of 105 mph (165 km/h), and causes tornadoes that force people into shelters in southern Texas. (National Hurricane Center) (The Australian) (Aljazeera)
Deepwater Horizon oil spillAccording to recent estimates, the Deepwater Horizon oil spill has overtaken Ixtoc I in volume to become the United States' worst oceanic oil spill in recorded history. (MSNBC News Services) (USA Today)Animal welfare groups sue BP for burning endangered sea turtles and ask the court to stop the controlled burning of spilled oil in the Gulf of Mexico, claiming BP is violating the Endangered Species Act and other laws. (The Australian)
Six people are killed and ten others injured in Shenzhen after a space shuttle simulator ride plunged to the ground at a popular amusement park. (ntdtv)
War in Afghanistan (2001–present)Netherlands pulls out of Afghanistan. (rfi)Two NATO soldiers are killed in fighting in the south of Afghanistan. (AFP via Focus net)
Wooden box mines, suspected to come from North Korea, wash ashore on a South Korean beach killing one man and injuring another. (Reuters) (Yonhap)
Israel Defense Forces jets attack targets in the Gaza Strip following a Qassam rocket fired at the Negev in Israel on Saturday night. (Ynet News)
Almost 90,000 people flee renewed fighting in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo in the past month reflecting a declining security situation as the military fights Allied Democratic Forces-National Army for the Liberation of Uganda Ugandan Islamist rebels. (Reuters Africa)
Six people die in the Indian province of Jammu and Kashmir after a third day of clashes between security forces and Muslim separatists. (Voice of America)
World Heritage ListHawaii's Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument, the habitat of the endangered Hawaiian Monk seal and rare birds, and Sri Lanka's central highlands are added. (Reuters)Tanzania's Ngorongoro Conservation Area, including the Serengeti National Park and Olduvai Gorge, are added. (The Earth Times)Eleven of Australia's most important convict sites including Hyde Park Barracks and The Domain in Sydney, Fremantle Prison in Western Australia and Port Arthur, Tasmania are added. (AAP via Sydney Morning Herald)
Philippine Airlines tells 25 airline pilots to return to work after quitting without notice forcing the airline to cancel flights. (Bloomberg via Business Week)
Manufacturing output in China grows at its slowest rate in 17 months in July, with the Purchasing Managers Index falling 0.9% to 51.2%. (BBC) (Xinhua)
The United Arab Emirates will suspend some BlackBerry mobile services from October amid concerns that data from some equipment is being exported offshore and managed by foreign organisations. Saudi Arabia plans to suspend some services later this month. (BBC) (Aljazeera)
Thousands of troops are mobilised in Russia to tackle forest fires spreading in 17 regions, the worst in decades, as the death toll rises to 30. (Voice of Russia) (AFP)
The People's Liberation Army Navy commences artillery exercises in the Yellow Sea in response to those being conducted by South Korea and the United States against North Korea. (BBC)
At least 30 people are killed and 250 injured in three suicide bombing attacks on Shia procession in Lahore, Pakistan. (BBC) (Arab News) (DAWN) (The Guardian) (The Times of India) (Xinhua)
At least 6 people die as Mozambique police fire rubber bullets as a protest in Maputo over rising food prices turns into a riot. (RFI) (BBC) (Reuters Africa) (Aljazeera)
A border clash between Armenia and Azerbaijan occurs, leaving several soldiers dead and both sides blaming the other for the violence. (BBC) (Aysor)
2 Israelis are wounded in a shooting near Kochav HaShachar in the West Bank. (Haaretz) (Aljazeera)
The Palestinian Authority arrests 250 members of Hamas following the shooting of four Israeli settlers at Beit Hagai. (Los Angeles Times)
Actor Michael Douglas speaks for the first time in public of his recent disgnosis with throat cancer during an interview on American television. (BBC) (The Guardian)
Hungarian actress Zsa Zsa Gabor is rehospitalised in the United States after becoming unconscious. (BBC)
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair's autobiography A Journey goes on sale in the United Kingdom and becomes a bestseller. (The Guardian)
United States rapper T.I. and his wife singer Tameka Cottle are arrested on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles for illegal drug possession. (CNN)
In Abuja, two car bombs explode during Nigeria's 50th anniversary celebrations of its Independence from the British Empire, killing 12 and injuring 17. Militant rebel group MEND claims responsibility. (BBC)
Prominent video journalist Merajuddin is hospitalised in Srinagar after being severely beaten with a baton in his neck by Kashmir police. They also beat up his son and colleague in the latest police attack on the media there. (BBC)
Following the killing of 3 Pakistani soldiers by NATO, tankers carrying supplies for NATO troops based in Afghanistan are set alight in Shikarpur, Sindh, injuring no one. (Al Jazeera)
6 sailors taken hostage off the coast of Cameroon on September 12 by the Africa Marine Commando are released. (BBC)
An airstrike launched by the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) kills 15 insurgents in the Tsowkey district of Afghanistan's eastern Kunar province. (Xinhua)
American author Jonathan Franzen advises British fans to cease reading his latest novel Freedom as a printing error has led to the publication of an old draft of his text, with thousands of copies set to be pulped. (The Guardian)
Sky 3D, the first dedicated 3D TV channel in Europe, launches in the UK. (BBC) (The Guardian) (The Daily Telegraph) (The Independent)
BMW announces the international recall of hundreds of thousands of luxury cars. (BBC)
American Bob Dudley succeeds Tony Hayward as the new CEO of BP after the recent controversies over the Oil Spill crisis in the Deepwater Horizon. (AP via Google News)
A massive rainstorm, formed from the combination of the remnants of Tropical Storm Nicole and a second extratropical low, drenches the East Coast of the United States from North Carolina to Maine. (AOL) (AP via WMBF)
Two Afghan women charity workers are shot dead. They were travelling between Lashkar Gah and Garmser, a volatile area in the Helmand River valley, when they were attacked. (dawn)
Battle of Mogadishu (2010):At least 12 people are killed in fighting in Mogadishu, Somalia, between pro-government forces, African Union troops and the Islamist militant al-Shabaab group. (AFP) (Ennahar)
Photographs, diaries and footage of Gyles Mackrell's rescue of refugees from the Japanese invasion of Burma in World War II are made available. (The Independent)
The rebel Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) in Turkey announces it will extend a truce until elections next year. (AFP)
58 hostage-takers, hostages and police officers are killed and 67 people wounded when Iraqi forces storm a Baghdad church to free dozens of hostages. (Deccan Chronicle)(Times of India) (One India) (DNA) (Khaleej Times)
Four militants, including two from Lashkar-e-Toiba (LET), are killed in separate gun battles with security forces in Kupwara and Kulgam districts of Kashmir Valley, India. (PTI) (Xinhua)
A United States drone attack kills six people in northwest Pakistan. (AP via Yahoo! News) (Dawn)
A suicide bomber kills two Pakistani policemen and wounds 10 others as security forces try to stop him from walking into their local headquarters in Swabi, 100 kilometres northwest of Islamabad. (Dawn)
A Turkish film wins the Best Documentary award at the Thanet International Film Festival in the United Kingdom. (Hurriyet Daily)
The People's Republic of China begins its first census in ten years. (BBC) (China Daily)
Two villagers and 10 Naxalites are killed in firing between a group of criminals and Maoists in Munger, India. (PTI)
Two walls collapse at the ancient Roman city of Pompeii during heavy rains, the third such incident in a month. (BBC) (Adnkronos)
Russia’s Gazprom and Ukraine’s Naftogaz Ukrainy have agreed to set up two joint ventures, the Russian company said after a meeting between its CEO Alexei Miller and Ukrainian Fuel and Energy Minister Yuri Boiko. (ITAR)
21 people are killed and several states declare a state of emergency after torrential rains in Venezuela. (El Universal) (AP)
At the 2010 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Google unveils an initiative using Google Earth allowing users to view the effects of deforestation, impacts and videos on global warming and climate change. (Voice of America) (Reuters) (The Huffington Post)
Kazakhstan hosts its first OSCE summit in a decade. (AFP) (euronews)
South Korea states that it will hold more military exercises with the United States following the conclusion of a naval exercise in the Yellow Sea, despite threats from North Korea. (BBC)
Israel reveals plans to build 625 more homes in the Palestinian territories, close to East Jerusalem. (Reuters)
Japanese police arrest a leading mob figure, Tadashi Irie, third-in-command of the Yamaguchi-gumi. (UPI)
Iran executes Shahla Jahed by hanging eight years after she was sentenced to death for murdering the wife of footballer Nasser Mohammadkhani, her husband under a temporary marriage. (BBC)
A bomb explodes outside a Coptic church in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 21 people and wounding 97 more; street disturbances between Christians and Muslims ensue. (BBC) (Al Jazeera)
Bonaire, Saba and Sint Eustatius adopt the United States dollar as the sole legal currency, reducing the use of the Netherlands Antillean guilder to Curaçao and Sint Maarten. (Bloomberg)
Estonia adopts the Euro, becoming the 17th Eurozone country.
Four people are killed and around 40 injured after a passenger plane explodes in Surgut in eastern Russia. (RIA Novosti) (AP)
Two people are killed after a hot air balloon crashes onto a bowling green in Midsomer Norton, Somerset, United Kingdom. (BBC)
Over a thousand dead blackbirds and other fowl fall out of the sky in Arkansas after a violent tornado outbreak and hailstorm. (The Associated Press) (CNN)
A deep earthquake measuring magnitude 7.0 hits near Santiago del Estero in northern Argentina. Only weak shaking is felt and no damage is reported. (The Associated Press) (Xinhua) (Press TV)
Canada's Foreign Minister, Lawrence Cannon, urges Iran to improve the country's human rights record and denounces Iran for imposing "draconian death sentences and unfair jail terms," while expressing particular concern for the fate of two Canadians of dual nationality imprisoned in Iran. (AFP) (Edmonton Journal)
Hungary takes over the presidency of the European Union. (AFP)
Specialist prison guards and firefighters are sent into Ford Open Prison in West Sussex, United Kingdom, after 40 inmates started a riot. Part of the prison has been destroyed by fire. (BBC)
2011 Egyptian protestsProtesters plan a "million-man march" on President Hosni Mubarak's presidential palace in Cairo starting at Tahrir Square. (Voice of America) (Al Jazeera)At least two million people gather in Tahrir Square in the biggest demonstration since the popular revolution against the Mubarak regime began. (The Hindu) (Al Jazeera) (The New York Times) (AFP via The Sydney Morning Herald)The government closes down Egyptian National Railways as well as Internet and mobile phone services. (CNN)Mubarak addresses the nation to tell the people of his refusal to leave Egypt, though promises to resign at the end of his term. He tells the people of Egypt that he is "proud of his achievements over the years in serving Egypt and its people". (Reuters) (AFP via The Sydney Morning Herald) (Al Jazeera) (ABC News)Protesters vow to stay in Tahrir Square until Mubarak goes. (Jerusalem Post)International response to the 2011 Egyptian protests:President of the United States Barack Obama urges Hosni Mubarak not to run for the presidency again, though stops short of telling him to resign immediately. He also called for the transition to democracy "to begin now". (BBC) (The New York Times) (The Guardian), (Washington Post)Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan completely backs the people of Egypt in their battle against the Mubarak regime. Newspapers had previously criticised him for his lack of a response to the revolution there. (Al Jazeera)Google and Twitter team up to build a voice-to-tweet system to allow Egyptians to tweet despite the closure of Internet and mobile phone systems. (Fortune)Al Jazeera reports that its signal is being jammed in parts of the Middle East, days after Egypt shut the news network's operations there. (Reuters)
Abdullah of Jordan sacks the Jordanian government amid protests over prices in the country. (Al Jazeera) (Xinhua) (M&C)
A Buddhist family of four is shot killed by suspected Muslim separatists seeking autonomy from predominantly Buddhist Thailand in the latest attack in an escalation of violence in the southern Thailand. (Reuters)
The owner of China's fourth-most visited website, Sohu.com Inc, posted a better-than-estimated 41 percent gain in profit after the company raised prices and boosted services such as video sharing. (China Daily)
A court in London bars the oil company BP from entering into a planned joint venture and share swap with Rosneft, a state-controlled Russian company. (Reuters)
Cyclone YasiThe Australian state of Queensland evacuates off-shore islands and low-lying parts of North Queensland ahead of Cyclone Yasi which is expected to hit the state as a Category 4 tropical cyclone late on Wednesday or early Thursday. (Courier Mail) (Reuters via Yahoo! News)Cyclone Yasi is upgraded to Category 5 and is predicted to be the worst storm to hit Australia in generations. (Sydney Morning Herald)
US blizzardThe United States National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for nine states in the Midwestern United States with a storm affecting a total of 30 states from Texas to Maine. (Chicago Tribune), (Bloomberg), (AP), (Washington Post), (AFP via Adelaide Now)The storm is expected to affect as much as a third of the U.S. population, and has already created dangerous travel conditions and forced the cancellation of thousands of flights and the closure of major interstate highways.(Reuters)(VOA)Chicago's Midway International Airport closes due to the snow with 1,300 flights cancelled at O'Hare Airport. (Chicago Sun Times)The Governor of Wisconsin Scott Walker declares a state of emergency in southern Wisconsin as a result of the blizzard. (Channel 3000)
The Shinmoedake volcano on the Japanese island of Kyūshū erupts again with its biggest explosion since becoming active again. (AP via Google News)
Indonesian police arrest three people in connection with a fire on a ferry last week that killed 27 people. (AP via Minneapolis Star Tribune)
Shanghai Cooperation Organization to mark 10th anniversary in Astana, Kazakhstan. (Rian)
2011 Iranian protests: Tear gas is fired on anti-government demonstrators during clashes in the capital Tehran. (BBC) (AFP via Google News)
2011 Jordanian protests: Relatives of jailed Islamists in Jordan demand their release in a demonstration in the capital Amman. (Sify India) (Ynet)
2011 Libyan civil warAl-Jazeera reports that forces supporting Muammar Gaddafi have bombed targets in the Libyan city of Misrata. (Al-Jazeera)Forces loyal to Colonel Gaddafi attack the city of Nalut near the Tunisian border. (Reuters via Hindustan Times)The United Nations says the situation on the Libyan/Tunisian border has reached "crisis point". (BBC)
2011 Omani protests: A fourth day of protests take place, with security forces firing into the air in an attempt to disperse protesters. (Al Arabiya)
NATO forces kill 9 Afghan children while they collected firewood; this is the third NATO attack on civilians in the last 2 weeks.(Democracy Now!)
Road workers in Taizhou, Jiangsu, China discover remains of 700 yr-old mummy. [1]
Archaeologists recover six cannons from the ships of Welsh privateer Henry Morgan off the coast of Panama. (Los Angeles Times)
Christian Dior S.A. fires fashion designer John Galliano following a series of anti-semitic remarks. (AP via MSNBC), (Minneapolis St-Paul Tribune)
American actor Charlie Sheen loses custody of his two sons Bob and Max following claims by their mother Brooke Mueller that he made threats of domestic violence. (TMZ)
Ally Financial, the company formerly known as General Motors Acceptance Corporation, announced in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that the U.S. Treasury Department will be selling some of Ally's preferred securities. This is part of the unwinding of the Treasury's investment in the auto industry as a result of the 2008 financial crisis. (Bloomberg).
Arab Spring:2011 Libyan civil war:An envoy of Muammar Gaddafi is reported to have been seen gossiping with officials on a visit to London, England. (BBC)More people leave the inner circle of Gaddafi, including Ali Treki, his choice for the United Nations ambassador. (Al Jazeera)Forces loyal to Gaddafi continues the attack on the city of Misrata. (Al Arabiya)Forces loyal to Gaddafi capture the wife of former Minister of Foreign Affairs Moussa Koussa after a firefight. (The Daily Telegraph)2011 Bahraini protests: Authorities release a prominent blogger, Mahmood Al-Yousif, but detain several others in a series of arrests. (Alert Net)2011 Syrian protests:Anti-regime protests break out in cities across the country after Friday prayers. (Alert Net) (BBC)Several people die in the protests. (Al Jazeera)2011 Yemeni protests: Thousands of pro and anti-government protesters demonstrate in the capital Sana'a, amid fears of a confrontation between the two sides. (Al Jazeera)2011 Jordanian protests: Police attempt to separate pro and anti-government rallies held in the capital Amman. (CNN)2011 Omani protests: Police shoot dead a protester in the city of Sohar during a large demonstration. (Reuters)2011 Saudi Arabian protests: Demonstrations occur in the east of the country in support of anti-government rallies in Bahrain and calling for political freedoms in Saudi Arabia. (Reuters)
2010–2011 Ivorian crisis: Heavy fighting continues in Abidjan, the largest city in the Ivory Coast between forces loyal to current President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo and internationally-recognised claimant Alassane Ouattara. (BBC)
The Turkish army kills seven PKK rebels who crossed the border from Syria. (Hindustan Times) (Today's Zaman)
At least twelve people have been killed at a protest against Koran burning in Mazar-i-Sharif with at least eight of them being United Nations personnel. (Fox News) (Reuters)
More than 1.5 million web sites around the world have been infected by the LizaMoon SQL injection attack spread by scareware since Tuesday. (USA Today) (Reuters)
Knut's brain swelled significantly before his recent death. (BBC)
Penélope Cruz becomes the first Spanish actress to receive a star in the Hollywood Walk of Fame
Ireland's government agrees to bank bailout number five, valued at €24 billion, and does not force senior bondholders into burden-sharing. (The Irish Times)
It is revealed that chief executive of nationalised Anglo Irish Bank Mike Aynsley received €1 million, including a "housing allowance" for his second home in Australia, while the bank admits billions were squandered last year in the biggest corporate loss in the country's history. (Irish Independent)
Microsoft lodged an antitrust complaint against Google with the European Commission. (The Wall Street Journal)
Death of Osama bin Laden:President of the United States Barack Obama announces in a special TV broadcast that Osama bin Laden, the founder and leader of the militant Islamist group Al-Qaeda and the most-wanted fugitive on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives, was killed on May 2 (Pakistan Standard Time) during an American military operation in Abbottabad, near Islamabad, Pakistan and that his body is in U.S. custody. (CNN) (SBS Television) (The Guardian) (BBC) (ABC News)At least 3 other people were killed in the fatal U.S. attack on Osama bin Laden, officials later disclose. (Reuters)Former president George W. Bush congratulates president Barack Obama on his "momentous achievement". (Boston Herald) (Reuters)Bill Clinton also expresses his delight at developments. (ABC News)American televisions interrupt their scheduled programming to broadcast the news to viewers of shows such as The Apprentice. (InsideTV)Crowds gather outside the White House in Washington D.C. and the World Trade Center site in New York City to celebrate bin Laden's death after the announcement by President Obama. (News Limited), (CBS News)In the wake of the American defeat of Osama bin Laden, the United States Department of State issues a global travel alert to all U.S. citizens, warning of the "enhanced potential for anti-American violence". (Inquirer)
Syrian civil war:Citizens of the city of Daraa, a focal point of the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad, report being fired on by government soldiers and tanks. (BBC) (The Jerusalem Post)Activists vow to begin a "week of breaking the siege" protests in Daraa, with Damascus to join in tomorrow. (Al Jazeera)UK Prime Minister David Cameron condemns Syria's crackdown on anti-regime protesters and calls for more pressure to be put on the government after Syrian troops continue to kill civilians in the city of Daraa. (AFP via Google News) (Voice of America News)Syrian forces arrest a prominent human rights lawyer, Abdallah Khalil, in the city of Raqqa after he criticised the authorities' reaction to anti-government protests. (The Jerusalem Post)
Libyan Civil War:Witnesses report that Gaddafi's forces in Misrata are preparing to use chemical weapons against the civilian and rebel population. (Times of Malta)The United Nations is withdrawing all its international staff from Tripoli after "angry" crowds protest outside US, UK and Italian embassies against NATO airstrikes. (BBC)Following an attack on the British embassy in Tripoli, UK Foreign Secretary William Hague says that Britain will expel the Libyan ambassador to the UK; smoke is also seen rising from the Italian embassy in Libya.(The Jerusalem Post)
2011 Saudi Arabian protests:Saudi Arabia increases media restrictions, threatening fines and closure of publications that "threaten" the country's stability. (Al Jazeera) (AFP)
2011 Yemeni revolution:Ali Abdullah Saleh refuses to sign a Gulf Arab states-brokered agreement intended to resolve the situation, and the deal has collapsed. The opposition in Yemen promises to escalate the protests. (BBC)As a result of Saleh's refusal, Yemeni opposition cancels its trip to meet Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) foreign ministers in Riyadh. (Al Jazeera)
The Taliban stages offensives in two provinces of Afghanistan, killing six people. (AP via MSNBC)
Police use tear gas and batons on people protesting against their government in Maldives. (BBC)
A crowd of hundreds of people attack a Christian seminary, a church and houses of local Christians in Gujranwala, Pakistan, after finding out that two Christians who had been accused of blasphemy have been released from protective custody by the police. (The Express Tribune)
At memorial services on Holocaust and Heroism Remembrance Day in Israel, thousands of Holocaust survivors and Israelis commemorate the Jews who died during the Holocaust. (UPI) (The Jerusalem Post)
Pope John Paul II is beatified by Pope Benedict XVI in Saint Peter's Square, Rome. (The Guardian) (Al Jazeera)
Arab Spring:Syrian civil war:The torture and eventual killing of a 13-year-old child held in custody causes further outcry among the people of Daraa. (Al Jazeera)2011 Yemeni uprising:At least 41 people are killed in fighting between Government of Yemen forces and tribal groups in the capital Sana'a. (AP via Google News) (BBC)Libyan Civil War:NATO extends its mission on Libya for an additional 90 days. (NATO)
Sudan agrees to demilitarize its border with South Sudan. (Al Jazeera)
Australia's economy shrinks 1.2 per cent in the first quarter due to various disasters. (AP via The Guardian)
An earthquake occurs in Blackpool, Lancashire: a company, Cuadrilla Resources, suspends gas drilling operations. (The Guardian)
An explosion at an oil storage tank in Gibraltar closes the port and injures workers and cruise ship passengers. (Gibraltar Chronicle)
Haitian officials stand by their own death and homeless toll figures as the U.S. government claims fewer people were affected by last year's earthquake than previously believed. (BBC)
A United Nations nuclear safety team looking into the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster claims that Japan underestimated the potential threat of tsunamis to nuclear power plants. (Reuters)
The cleanup efforts begin in the U.S. city of Joplin, Missouri, after the recent 2011 Joplin tornado with the death toll confirmed at 134. (KSPR), (News Leader)
German health officials report 365 new cases of the E. coli outbreak as it continues to spread throughout Europe. (Sky News)
2011 New England tornado outbreakOne tornado hits the US city of Springfield, Massachusetts, with injuries reported and significant property damage. (WWLP)(Boston Globe). The tornado eventually went on to Monson, causing devastation. (CT Now) The tornado traveled thirty-nine miles from Westfield to Charlton, Massachusetts.(NECN)The Governor of Massachusetts Deval Patrick declares a state of emergency following the impact of the tornadoes. (CNN)At least four deaths have occurred, with one person reported dead in a car that overturned in West Springfield as a result of the tornados. (The Herald), (CBS Local Boston)
The United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights claims the Congo government troops raped 121 women between June 11 and 13 then pillaged their villages. (AP via The Washington Post)
Arab Spring:2011 Syrian uprising:Hundreds of thousands of people protest against the regime nationwide as the crackdown against civilians continues. (BBC)The death toll is reported to be at least 11 in Syria today. (Al Jazeera)2011 Libyan civil war:Rebels withdraw from the town of Bir al-Ghanam, 80km south of Tripoli after coming under rocket attack from forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi. (Reuters)Muammar Gaddafi, speaking via an audio message broadcast to a square in central Tripoli, calls on NATO to stop its bombing campaign or he will target European "homes, offices, families". (BBC) (Al Jazeera)Members at the African Union summit in Equatorial Guinea express annoyance at NATO's intervention in Libya over fears that it is only making the situation worse. (Al Jazeera)2011 Bahraini uprising: Some expatriate Bahrainis are sent "loyalty pledges" in light of the uprising. (MSNBC)2011 Yemeni uprising: Demonstrations are held in the capital Sana'a and across the country, while protesters in Ta'izz chant slogans against a possible Saudi Arabian intervention, "Tell Saudi Arabia that Yemen is a republic" and "Yemen is not Bahrain", in reference to Saudi Arabia's suppression of the Bahraini uprising. (Al Jazeera)
Freedom Flotilla II:Activists increase their guard of the remaining boats bound for Gaza following the alleged sabotage of other boats. (The Jerusalem Post) (Al Jazeera)Greek authorities prevented a US-flagged vessel, The Audacity of Hope, carrying dozens of U.S. activists, from departing for the Gaza Strip, towing it back to the port of Perama after commandos, reportedly carrying weapons, intercept it. (Al Jazeera) (The Jerusalem Post)
Albert II, Prince of Monaco weds Charlene Wittstock, the Olympic swimmer, at the royal palace; Wittstock becomes Her Serene Highness, Princess Charlene. (BBC)
Bank of Moscow, the fifth largest bank in Russia, in record bailout of $14 billion, after the discovery that almost a third of the bank's assets are "problematic," the Central Bank of Russia said.(BBC)(Moscow Times)
A Bank of Japan survey shows that business confidence has fallen markedly since the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. (Washington Post)
Manufacturing activity in the People's Republic of China is at its lowest level in more than two years after three successive months of falls indicating a continued slowdown. (Wall Street Journal) (Financial Times)
The towns of Colman and Flandreau in the US state of South Dakota are hit by a heavy storm resulting in the loss of power for several days. (Argus Leader)
The Yonhap News Agency reports that North Korea is tightening border controls with South Korea to stop defections. (Yonhap News)
Poland takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union for six months. (BBC)
At least 11 people, including 5 suspects, are killed and 15 others are injured on Sunday's violence in China's Xinjiang region, raising the death toll to 20 over the weekend attacks in Kashgar. (CRI) (The Guardian)
2011 Syrian uprising:More than 142 people are killed across the country in a continuing crackdown on protests. (Al Jazeera)Russia calls for an end to the "use of force" against civilians. (Lebanon Now) (The Moscow Times)
The Lebanese Armed Forces exchanged fire with the Israeli Defense Forces patrolling the border, with one Lebanese soldier being injured. (Jerusalem Post)
The HSBC bank announces plans to cut 5,000 jobs now and 25,000 by 2013. (Reuters)
Foxconn Technology, a computer assembler headquartered in Taiwan, plans to add one million robots to its plants over the next three years, according to a Reuters report. (Reuters)
BBC journalists stage another 24-hour strike in protest at planned redundancies. (Mail Online) (The Guardian)
Anna Bligh, the Premier of Queensland, releases the results of an inquiry into the 2010–2011 Queensland floods which killed 35 people. (Courier Mail)
The Italian news agency Agenzia Nazionale Stampa Associata reports that 25 refugees have been found dead in a boat off the coast of Lampedusa. (CNN)
Tropical Storm Emily forms in the Atlantic Ocean with tropical storm warnings issued for Puerto Rico, Guadeloupe, Desirade, Les Saintes, Marie Galante and the Dominican Republic. (National Hurricane Centre) (NOLA.com)
North Korea agrees to further talks with the United States as part of efforts to restore Six Party talks on its nuclear weapons program. (Yonhap)
At least four people, including a high-ranking security service officer, are killed in a series of bombings and shootings across Russia's North Caucasus. (Voice of America)
2011 Libyan civil war: Libya's National Transitional Council extends the deadline for tribal leaders in Muammar Gaddafi’s hometown of Sirte to surrender in order to avoid further fighting. (The Christian Science Monitor)
Three Pakistani soldiers and one Indian soldier are killed following an attack by Indian border forces on a Pakistani checkpost along the Line of Control. (Express Tribune)
The remains of Australian bushranger Ned Kelly are found in the former HM Prison Pentridge in Melbourne, Victoria. (The Courier-Mail)
Protesters from the Palestine Solidarity Campaign disrupt a concert given by the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra for the BBC Proms at London's Royal Albert Hall. (BBC)
The world's largest food group, Nestlé SA, opens a new production unit in Konolfingen, Switzerland, and its CEO affirms that the company is committed to its home country, despite problems created by the unusually strong Swiss franc against the euro. (Reuters)
Former Dutch Minister of Economic Affairs and Minister of Education, Culture and Science, Maria van der Hoeven, takes office as Executive Director of the International Energy Agency. (Wall Street Journal)
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal declares a state of emergency after Tropical Storm Lee forms in the northern Gulf of Mexico. (CNN)
The South Korean military resumes building a naval base on the island of Jeju-do after police clear the site of protesters. (Yonhap)
A court in Düsseldorf orders Samsung to stop selling its new tablet computer, Galaxy Tab, acting on a lawsuit brought by Apple. (Reuters)
2011 Libyan civil war:In the heavily besieged city of Sirte, heavy fighting continues as aid workers from the International Committee of the Red Cross deliver desperately needed medical supplies. Due to growing fears of a humanitarian disaster, National Transitional Council (NTC) forces have granted safe passage to European aid workers' vehicles. (Reuters)
Malik Mumtaz Hussain Qadri, the self-confessed assassin of Pakistani politician Salmaan Taseer, is sentenced to death by a Pakistani court. (Express Tribune)
China calls on Myanmar to protect interests of Chinese companies after President Thein Sein halted the controversial Chinese-backed Myitsone Dam project. (Reuters) (Spokesperson's remarks)
In horseracing, Danedream wins the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe with speed record 2:24.49, becoming the second German horse winner since 1975. (BBC)
North Caucasus insurgency:Two police officers are killed in a suicide car bombing in Kizilyurt, Dagestan, Russia. (CNN)
A mosque in the Israeli village of Tuba-Zangaria is torched. (Haaretz)
The United States Supreme Court announces that it won't hear a much-noted dispute on the width of the "first sale" doctrine in copyright law. (Washington Post)
Eight people are injured following an explosion and fire at a factory in Surrey, United Kingdom. (BBC)
An Italian appeals court overturns Amanda Knox's 26-year sentence for murder and sexual assault. (The Telegraph) (CBC News)
A US court sentences two more Somali pirates to life in prison for capturing a yacht off the coast of Africa in February. (AFP via Google News)
The President of the United States, Barack Obama, makes Fort Monroe in Hampton, Virginia, a National Monument. (Reuters)
The FBI and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission launch an investigation into MF Global after $600 million of customers' money went missing. (CNN)
The Palestinian Authority is hit by hackers disrupting Palestinian internet and mobile phone services. A link has been suggested to Palestine's UNESCO bid. (Reuters) (Jerusalem Post)
The United Kingdom Office for National Statistics releases GDP figures indicating growth of 0.5% compared to a 0.1% figure in the previous quarter. (BBC)
Over 1.5 million people are still without power and four states declare a state of emergency after a nor'easter hits the Eastern United States. (CNN)
LOT Polish Airlines Flight 016 makes a successful emergency landing at Warsaw Chopin Airport. (CNN)
At least seven people are killed and 200 injured following an explosion caused by two trucks carrying explosives crashing in Fuquan City in China's Guizhou Province. (CNN)
A boat carrying 70 asylum seekers en route to Australia sinks off the coast of Java in Indonesia with eight confirmed deaths and fifteen people missing. (AAP via The Melbourne Age)
Almazbek Atambayev, the newly elected President of Kyrgyzstan, states that a lease for a United States air base in Manas will not be renewed when it expires in 2014. (AP via Washington Post)
At least twelve people are arrested in London outside the Parliament of the United Kingdom after a protest against anti-squatting legislation turns violent. (BBC)
One person dies and 16 others are injured in three separate chain-reaction crashes involving 176 cars in Nashville, Tennessee, United States. (CNN)
The 2010–2011 Belgian government formation draws to a close as six parties come to an agreement which will see PS leader Elio di Rupo become Prime Minister. The deal, however, still has to be approved by the parties' conventions, and the cabinet makeup is not yet defined. (EUobserver)
Muslim rioters attack liquor stores and massage parlours in Zakho in the Kurdistan region of northern Iraq after Friday prayers. The attacks later extended to include Christian owned shops and businesses in other cities including Dohuk and Simele. (USA Today)
In the U.S., the Agriculture Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives votes to issue a subpoena to Jon Corzine, former Governor of New Jersey, in connection with the collapse of MF Global and the disappearance of customer funds. (Committee press release)
United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton meets with Aung San Suu Kyi, Burma's pre-eminent pro-democracy activist, to promote democratic reforms. (AP via Google)
The United Nations Human Rights Council denounces the crimes against humanity during the 2011 Syrian uprising which killed over 4,000 people since the uprising started in March. (CNN)
At least 23 people are killed in Syria. (BBC)
Indian cinema actor, director and producer Dev Anand dies of a heart attack in London. (BBC)
At least 33 people die and 13 are injured in a crash between a truck and a bus near the Bahia city of Milagro in northeastern Brazil. (CNN)
At least eight children have died in the past few weeks in Ecuador's Amazon basin after being bitten by rabid bats. (AFP via HeraldSun)
Arab Spring:2011–2012 Syrian uprising:The Arab Inter-parliamentary Union, an advisory body to the Arab League, calls for the removal of its monitors in Syria, saying that they are inadvertently helping the government cover up ongoing violence. (Al Jazeera) (BBC)Syrian opposition groups say that over 5,800 people were killed in violence in 2011. (CNN)2011–2012 Bahraini uprising:A funeral of a Bahraini youth killed yesterday in a protest turns into another protest with police forced to use tear gas. (Reuters)
At least two people are killed in attacks on bars in northern Kenya near the border with Somalia, with Islamist al-Shabaab militants possibly responsible. (Reuters)
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan declares a state of emergency in parts of the country hit by violence by Islamist militant group Boko Haram. (Al Jazeera)
South Sudan is to send more troops and police to Pibor, the scene of ethnic violence. (BBC)
Queen Elizabeth II appoints former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and British painter David Hockney to the Order of Merit. (Sydney Morning Herald)
Rio Tinto Alcan locks out hundreds of workers from a smelter in the Canadian town of Alma, Quebec. (CBC)
A 7.0-magnitude earthquake strikes south of Japan; no damage is caused. (Wall Street Journal) (Reuters) (Newsday)
A boat capsizes near Lamu Island off the Kenyan coast with at least seven people dead. (Reuters)
The Iranian Navy test-fires a surface-to-air missile. (MSNBC)
Pakistan and India give each other a list of their nuclear sites. (CNN)
The London Times reports that a secret NATO report claims that the Taliban, backed by Pakistan, is set to regain control over Afghanistan after international forces withdraw from the country. (Reuters)
The Xinhua news agency reports that 25 Chinese workers held captive in the Sinai region of Egypt have been released. (CNN)
Pakistan Air Force jets bomb militant positions in the Orakzai and Kurram Agency areas near the border with Afghanistan with claims that 31 alleged insurgents were killed. (AP via Washington Post)
Nigeria's State Security Service claim to have arrested Abul-Qaqa, a purported spokesman for the radical Islamist Boko Haram group. (AP)
Polish poet Wisława Szymborska, former winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature, dies of lung cancer at 88. (Reuters)
American television host and producer Don Cornelius, creator of Soul Train is found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. (Associated Press)
Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and Hong Kong ban poultry imports from the Australian state of Victoria while Japan bans imports from the whole of Australia following an outbreak of a low pathogenic form of the avian influenza (separate from the potentially deadly H5N1 strain).(ABC News Australia)(VoA)
The social network Facebook files for an initial public offering. (Wall Street Journal)
The parent company of American Airlines says that it will slash 13,000 jobs or 15% of its workforce. (BBC)
European antitrust authorities block a planned merger between NYSE Euronext and Deutsche Boerse. (Reuters)
Syria:Syrian rebels leave the neighborhood of Bab Amr, Homs following a bloody 26 day bombardment. (Reuters via MSNBC) (Reuters)The United Nations Security Council demands access to Syria for its humanitarian chief Valerie Amos. (BBC)
Clashes break out and tear gas is fired by security forces in northern Azerbaijan after protesters torch the home of a local governor. (Daily Times of Pakistan)
A bomb explodes on a Turkish police bus in Istanbul injuring three people. (AFP via Dawn)
Two members of the NATO International Security Assistance Force are killed in southern Afghanistan, one of whom is believed to be a member of the Afghan Army. (AP via Google News)
Unemployment in the Euro zone rises to 10.7 per cent, the highest level in its history. (Reuters)
Brazil announces the continuation of a "currency war" with the European Union and the United States with the extension of a financial transaction tax on foreign borrowings. (Financial Times)
Australian floods:Heavy rains in the Australian state of New South Wales leads to evacuations or warnings in the towns of Cooma, Goulburn, Queanbeyan and near the town of Kiama. (The Australian) (ABC News Australia) (Daily Telegraph)The Warragamba Dam, the primary water source for the city of Sydney, is expected to overflow within 24 hours causing nearby areas to flood as well as the Nepean River. (News Limited)Hundreds of people in the northern part of the state of Victoria, with the town of Tallygaroopna the worst affected. (Stock and Land)Heavy flooding is also reported in the region of the capital city Canberra with the Old Cotter River dam going under for the first time in a hundred years. (Sydney Morning Herald)
The stricken liner Costa Allegra arrives at the Seychelles after losing power three days ago due to an engine room fire. (BBC)
Vietnam claims that the People's Republic of China has assaulted Vietnamese fishermen in disputed waters in the South China Sea. (AP via CBS News)
Americans working for non-government organisations who had been facing trial in Egypt are allowed to leave. (New York Times)
2011-2012 Syrian uprising: Dozens are killed as the Syrian army bombards the city of Homs with artillery fire. (ABC News)
Mali:Tuareg rebels seize the town of Gao and the largest military base in Mali amid the ongoing Tuareg Rebellion (BBC) (AFP via Google News)Rebels claim to have surrounded Timbuktu. (BBC)
The 2012 Academy of Country Music Awards are held in the US city of Las Vegas, Nevada, with the Eli Young Band winning song of the year for "Crazy Girl" and Taylor Swift winning Entertainer of the Year. (AP via Access Atlanta) (AP viaHouston Chronicle)
Feist wins Artist of the Year at the Canadian Juno Awards. (AP via Newsday)
A state of emergency is declared in Fiji as nearly 7000 people are displaced and two people have been killed during floods with conditions set to worsen with heavy storms expected following Tropical Depression 17F.(AAP via Herald Sun) (AFP via Perth Now)
Voters in Burma go to the polls for by-elections for 45 seats, with Aung San Suu Kyi claiming victory in one election. (BBC) (The Telegraph)
The Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt nominates chairman Khairat El-Shater as a candidate for the presidential elections in May 2012. (BBC)
Former President of Mexico Miguel de la Madrid dies of complications of lung disease in Mexico City at the age of 77. (Los Angeles Times)
The Colombian leftist group FARC releases its last remaining police and military captives. (BBC)
The U.S. Federal Trade Commission allows the proposed merger of two large firms within the market for pharmacy benefit management, Express Scripts and Medco Health Solutions, despite the arguments of many that the degree of concentration that will create in the PBM market will prove unhealthy. (FTC)
Syrian uprising: The United Nations says both government and opposition forces have violated the ceasefire. (Al Jazeera)
2011–2012 Bahraini uprising: Police break up protests in the capital Manama. (Reuters)
An attack by a suicide bomber in a café attached to a hotel in Dhusamareb, Somalia, causes an indeterminate number of fatalities, including according to witnesses two MPs, Yusuf Mire Seerar and Abdiweli Sheik Mohamud. (Shabelle Media Network)
2012 Mali counter-coup attempt: Heavy fighting takes place in the Malian capital Bamako between coup supporters and opponents. (Al Jazeera)
2012 South Sudan–Sudan border conflict: Tensions rise between the two nations as South Sudan accuses Sudan of attacking locations in its territory. (Reuters)
Up to 20 people are arrested amid the investigation about last month's massacre at Železarsko lake in the Republic of Macedonia. (B92)
The Dow Jones Industrial Average reaches a four-year high due to strong manufacturing figures and company earnings. (CNN)
Tens of thousands of people march in Asia, Europe and North America, protesting against job cuts, inequality, and austerity measures. (Al Jazeera) (Reuters) (The Guardian) (Christian Science Monitor) (MSNBC) (ABC News)
April car sales in Japan rise by 92% year-over-year, a gain partially realized due to low sales in the wake of last year's earthquake and tsunami. (Kuwait News Agency)
U.S. President Barack Obama visits Afghanistan on an unannounced visit coinciding with the first anniversary of Osama Bin Laden's assassination by the U.S. Special Forces in Pakistan, signing an agreement with Afghan President Hamid Karzai outlining a continuing U.S. role in Afghanistan after 2014. (BBC)
Syrian uprising: The United Nations Human Rights Council votes to condemn the massacre carried out by Syrian forces in the town of Houla on May 25, despite Russia, China and Cuba voting against the resolution. (The Guardian)
The New York Times reports that U.S. President Barack Obama accelerated the pace of the American cyberwarfare campaign after the 2010 Stuxnet. (The Guardian) (The New York Times)
An armed Palestinian infiltrator and an Israeli soldier are killed during an exchange of fire along the Gaza border, and at least three militants are injured during an Israeli air strike on Gaza. (BBC)
Madonna kicks off the MDNA Tour in Tel Aviv, Israel. (BBC)
World stock markets[which?] hit their lowest level in 2012. (The Guardian)
Gonorrhoea soars in England. (BBC)
China arrests a security ministry official on suspicion of spying for the United States; the official is reported to have been blackmailed by the CIA. (BBC)
The Japanese yen and the Chinese yuan begin direct trading.(Yomiuri)
The Venezuelan government outlaws the commercial sale of guns and ammunition, the latest in a series of initiatives to improve security and cut crime. (BBC)
Samoa announces the pardon of 35 prisoners to celebrate the 50th anniversary of its independence from New Zealand. (BBC)
Syrian civil war:Syrian opposition groups reject a UN-brokered peace plan accepted yesterday in Geneva for a political transition in Syria, arguing that it is ambiguous and a waste of time, and vowing not to negotiate with President Bashar Assad or members of his regime. (AP)Turkey scrambles a total of six F-16 fighters jets near its border with Syria in response to three cases of Syrian military helicopters approaching the Turkish border, although there is no border violation. (BBC)
At least 17 people are killed and 45 injured in an attack on two churches in the eastern Kenyan town of Garissa. (BBC) (MSNBC)
Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan:At least five people are killed and 11 injured after a bomb strikes a bus near the Afghan city of Ghazni. (AP via Winnipeg Free Press)A gunman wearing Afghan National Police uniform kills three members of NATO's International Security Assistance Force in southern Afghanistan. (RTE)
Barclays chairman Marcus Agius is to resign following the Libor interest rate scandal. (BBC)
Japan provokes protests from its people by restarting the first nuclear reactor since last year's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. (BBC)
Colombia evacuates towns near the Nevado del Ruiz volcano over concerns about a possible eruption. (AP via Atlanta Journal Constitution)
Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a general election with Institutional Revolutionary Party presidential candidate Enrique Pena Nieto claiming victory. (The New York Times) (Reuters)
Hong Kong:Protesters throng the streets of Hong Kong, hours after President Hu Jintao of China swore in Leung Chun-ying as new Chief Executive and the Executive Council for the territory.(The New York Times)Hong Kong marks the fifteenth anniversary of the handover from the United Kingdom to the People's Republic of China. (BBC)
Writing in The Sunday Telegraph British Prime Minister David Cameron says he is prepared to consider a referendum on the UK's relationship with the European Union, but only when the time is right. (BBC)
A Soyuz space capsule containing Oleg Kononenko (Russia), André Kuipers (Netherlands) and Don Pettit (United States) lands safely in Kazakhstan. (Sky News Australia)
Alfred Hitchcock's 1958 suspense thriller Vertigo is named as the greatest film of all time in a poll by the British Film Institute's Sight and Sound magazine. (BBC)
Power is restored in India following an earlier blackout in three grids that left over 600 million people without power. (AFP via France 24)
Saudi Aramco is ranked by Forbes as the first among the world's 25 largest oil companies. (Global Financial Network)
Heading toward Taiwan, slow-moving Typhoon Saola's torrential rains lead to the deaths of at least 12 people and displacement of 154,000 in the Philippines. (The Washington Post)
The Tal Law, which granted a sweeping exemption from military service to a majority of the Israeli ultra-Orthodox population in Israel, expires. As a result Defense Minister Ehud Barak orders the Israeli Defense Forces to prepare for a universal draft of ultra-Orthodox Jewish males in 30 days. (BBC) (Jerusalem Post) (Ynet) (USA Today)
Somali security forces kill two suicide bombers trying to infiltrate a meeting of 825 Somali elders discussing the country's new constitution in Mogadishu. (AP via Chron.com)
Prosecutors formally charge three Mexican Army generals, including active General Roberto Dawe Gonzalez and retired General Tomás Ángeles Dauahare, and a lieutenant-colonel for their alleged links to a drug trafficking organization known as the Beltrán-Leyva Cartel. (The Washington Post)
Four coordinated low intensity bombs explode in the Indian city of Pune. (CNN-IBN) (DNA India)
A second Israeli who set himself on fire in protest of economic difficulties in Tel Aviv dies of his injuries in hospital. (Reuters)
2012 Summer Olympics: The Badminton World Federation charges eight women's doubles players from South Korea, China and Indonesia with "not using one's best efforts to win a match". (BBC)
Syrian civil war:The Syrian government states that it has repelled a major attack on an air base near Aleppo; 341 detainees are released across the country. Rebels claim the capture of an airforce building in Deir ez-Zor. (BBC) (SANA)
War in Afghanistan:Two suicide bombings near a NATO base kill at least 12 people and wound 50 others in the Sayed Abad district of Afghanistan's Wardak province. (USA Today)A drone strike conducted by the United States kills at least five suspected militants in North Waziristan, Pakistan. (AP via The Washington Post)Pakistani media say the Taliban have unveiled a videotape showing only the heads of 12 of the 15 Pakistan Army soldiers missing after this week's combat in Bajaur. An anonymous official confirms the missing's deaths. (Daily Bhaskar) (Pakistan Observer)
Mexican Drug War:Eduardo Arellano Félix, a former drug lord of the Tijuana Cartel, is extradited to the United States from Mexico. He is the last brother of the cartel in a 2003 indictment to be extradited. (Los Angeles Times)
2012 northern Mali conflict:Islamist rebels in northern Mali seize the central town of Douentza. (BBC)
An unidentified man throws a grenade to spectators of a festival in Paquibato district near Davao City, Philippines, wounding 41 people. (Inquirer)
Former progressive Cardinal Carlo Maria Martini describes the Catholic Church as "200 years behind the times" in an interview published the day after his death. (CNN)
American songwriter Hal David, who was best known for his collaborations with composer Burt Bacharach, dies in Los Angeles, California, at the age of 91. (BBC)
Tent cabins in Yosemite National Park, U.S., are closed after officials notify 3,100 recent visitors of an outbreak of Hantavirus. (Los Angeles Times)
A nuclear reactor in Belgium shows up to 0.3 m-depth signs of erosion weakening the 1.2 m outer reinforced concrete mantle, three times deeper than previously reported. The owner and the nuclear regulator deny any risk since the reactor was already shut down due to another issue. (Le Soir)
Now middle-aged victims of Thalidomide (Softenon, Contergan)'s mutilating effects on embryos say the first ever apologies from the manufacturer Grünenthal GmbH are "insulting". (AFP via The Globe and Mail)
African Union troops enter the Somali port town of Kismayo following the withdrawal of Al-Shabaab Islamist militants during the Battle of Kismayo. (BBC)
Syrian Civil War: Syrian government forces shell areas of eastern Damascus - a stronghold of rebel forces. (Al Jazeera)
War in Afghanistan: A suicide bombing in the eastern Afghan city of Khost kills three NATO soldiers and 16 Afghan police officers and civilians. (BBC) (New York Times)
2011–present Libyan factional fighting: Chairman of the General National Congress Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf says that al-Qaeda elements, who fought alongside the rebels in the Libyan Civil War, number "up to 200" in Libya now. (Al-Hayat)
Eric Hobsbawm, one of the leading historians of the 20th century, dies at the Royal Free Hospital in London at the age of 95. (The Guardian)
At least 36 people are killed in a ferry collision off the coast of Hong Kong. (RTHK) (CNN)
A court in Bahrain upholds the jail sentences of nine medics convicted for their role in the country's uprising. (Reuters)
The appeal hearing in the Russian band Pussy Riot's case is delayed after one member of the group fired their lawyer. (RIA Novosti)
Chinese authorities close down the firm handling dissident artist Ai Weiwei's affairs, possibly saving him from paying the remainder of a 15 million yuan tax fine. (The Guardian)
California becomes the first U.S. state to forbid "conversion therapy" for minors, effective January 1st, 2013. (Fox News)
Syrian civil warSyrian rebels kill 28 soldiers in attacks on military checkpoints near the town of Saraqeb in northern Idlib province, hours after a wave of bombings hit Damascus and its outskirts, according to a report from the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights; five rebels also died in gun battles following the attacks. (National Post) (The Jerusalem Post)
Internet analytics company ComScore says Google's Gmail has edged out Microsoft's Hotmail as the world's top e-mail service. (CNET)
Hurricane Sandy:The death toll in the U.S. attributed to Hurricane Sandy rises to at least 90, nearly half in New York City, as millions of people in the Northeastern United States continue to deal with power outages, gasoline shortages and sparse public transportation. (Wall Street Journal) (ABC News) (US News)Damage from the storm is estimated to reach US $50 billion, according to economists, but the impact on the broader U.S. economy is said to be minor. (AFP)
A fuel tank truck crashes and explodes in the Saudi Arabian capital Riyadh killing 22 people and injuring 111. (BBC) (NBC News)
Yellow fever kills 32 people and sickens at least 50 more in the Darfur region of Sudan. (All Africa) (AFP)
President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono receives a medal of Knighthood of the Order of the Bath from Queen Elizabeth II. (The Jakarta Globe) (Daily Mail)
Parents kill their 15-year-old daughter in an “honour killing” by pouring acid on her after seeing her talking to a young man, in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. (BBC) (The Express Tribune)
Nine female political prisoners, including Iranian human rights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh, begin a hunger strike to protest their conditions in Tehran's Evin prison. (RFERL)
Charges of perjury and child endangerment, among others, are filed against former Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other administrators in connection with the Penn State scandal involving imprisoned former football coach Jerry Sandusky; new charges also are filed against Athletic Director Tim Curley and retired Vice President Gary Schultz, who are already under arrest on perjury and failure to report child abuse charges. (Fox Sports)
A prison officer is killed in an ambush by dissident Irish republicans as he drives to work along Northern Ireland's M1 motorway. The officer, who worked at the province's Maghaberry Prison, is the first member of the Northern Ireland Prison Service to be killed in such an attack in 20 years. (BBC)
Syrian civil war:Syrian jets bombard rebel positions in Damascus as a country-wide Internet and phone blackout enters a third day. Government officials announce the road to the airport in the capital has been secured, though rebels insist clashes are ongoing. (Reuters)
2012 East D.R. Congo conflict:M23 rebels begin their withdrawal from the city of Goma as part of a Uganda-brokered deal struck a week earlier. (Reuters)
Anastasiya Petryk from Ukraine wins the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2012 with her song Nebo (Sky) which got 138 points. (Eurovision)
A tour bus hits a bridge at Miami International Airport, USA, killing at least two people and injuring many more. (NBC News) (BBC) (The Miami Herald)
At least 8 people are killed and 36 injured when a passenger bus overturns on the highway between the cities of Sucre and Potosí in southern Bolivia. (RIA Novosti)
North Korea's state agency KCNA announces the country will launch a satellite sometime between December 10 and December 22. The launch will take place around the time of South Korea's presidential election on December 19 and close to the first anniversary of the death of former leader Kim Jong-il. South Korean officials, as well as the US, believe that the isolated state is testing long-range missile technology with the aim of developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. (Reuters)
Foreign ministers of the Arab League meet in Istanbul, Turkey, to show their support for the Syrian opposition groups and Palestinians. (Fox News)
Notorious Macau gangster Broken Tooth Koi is released from prison after serving nearly 15 years. (BBC)
Jovan Belcher, a linebacker for the Kansas City Chiefs American football team kills himself at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri, USA, after reportedly killing his girlfriend. (The Telegraph)
Mexican inauguration:Enrique Peña Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party is sworn in as the President of Mexico as violent clashes occur outside. (Associated Press)Over 23 people are severely wounded outside the Camara de Diputados during the protests in Mexico City. (ElEconomista)
Syrian civil war:Fierce clashes erupt near the Aleppo International Airport in the battle of Aleppo in Syria, with unconfirmed reports it has been temporarily closed. (BBC)
War in North-West Pakistan:Gunmen kill five female teachers and two other people in an ambush on a van carrying workers home from their jobs at a community center in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistan. (AP) (BBC)
Colombian conflict:13 FARC members are killed in an airstrike by the Colombian military. (BBC)
Nigerian Sharia conflict:Nigeria's military kill 13 members of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram and lose one soldier in a gun battle in Maiduguri. (Reuters) (AFP via The Voice of Russia)
American 1950s pop singer Patti Page, best known for the Tennessee Waltz and (How Much Is That) Doggie In The Window dies in Encinitas, California. (NBC San Diego)
2013 Houphouët-Boigny stampede: At least 60 people are killed and more than 200 injured in a stampede during a New Year's fireworks celebration near the Stade Félix Houphouët-Boigny in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. (BBC) (CNN) (Reuters)
Royal Dutch Shell's drilling rig Kulluk drifts aground near Sitkalidak Island, Alaska, after breaking loose from the anchor handling tug Aiviq. (Anchorage Daily News) (Los Angeles Times)
A head-on collision between a bus and a minibus occurred in Thiès, Senegal, killing at least 18 people and leaving another 16 wounded. (AFP via NDTV)
Ten people are killed and 120 injured in a stampede in Luanda, Angola, as they tried to enter an overcrowded Estádio da Cidadela for a New Year's Eve vigil. (BBC) (AFP via Google)
Argentina, Australia, Luxembourg, Rwanda and South Korea join the UN Security Council. (News24)
2013 United States embassy bombing in Ankara:A suicide bombing outside the U.S. embassy in the Turkish capital, Ankara, kills at least two people. (BBC) (CNN) (Reuters)
Nigerian Sharia conflict:The Nigerian army bomb a suspected terrorist camp used by Boko Haram killing 18 members and capturing large amounts ammunition, guns and weapons. (BBC) (Premium Times)
War in North-West Pakistan:A suicide bomber in a market kills at least 21 people and wounds more than 30 in Hangu, Pakistan. (BBC) (Reuters) (The New York Times)
Pat Kenny, most recently presenter of The Frontline, makes his return as host of The Late Late Show after the death this week of regular host Ryan Tubridy's father. (Irish Independent) (The Irish Times)
Barclays plc chief executive Antony Jenkins says he will waive his bonus for 2012. (BBC)
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closes above 14,000 points for the first time since 2007 as investors welcomed strong economic data from the United States. (CNN)
At least 26 people are killed on the G30 Expressway in Henan province, China, after a truck carrying fireworks explodes on an elevated highway, with an 80 metres (260 ft) section of road being destroyed and part of it collapsing. (BBC) (CNN) (The New York Times) (The Guardian)
Three construction workers are killed and eight are injured after a wall collapses on a construction site in Zhoukou, Henan, China. (Xinhua)
Metropolitan Police detective April Casburn, who tried to sell information to the News of the World, regarding the investigation into phone hacking scandal, is jailed for 15 months. (BBC)
Hillary Clinton steps down as United States Secretary of State; she is succeeded by Senator John Kerry. (BBC) (Reuters)
2013 Bangladesh protests:The death toll in Bangladesh rises to 44 as protests continue following the sentencing of Delwar Hossain Sayeedi. (The New York Times)
2013 Lahad Datu standoff:At least 14 people die in Malaysia's Sabah province when rebels open fire on government security forces. (BBC)
Northern Mali conflict:One of Islamist organization al-Qaeda's most feared commanders in Africa, Abdelhamid Abou Zeid, is killed by Chadian forces in Northern Mali. (Voice of America) (Reuters) (BBC)
China's Purchasing Managers Index declines to 50.1 indicating a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy. (The Australian)
A study concludes that clogged arteries around the heart are a risk factor for brain injury from stroke. (US News & World Reports)
An environmental study finds that 100 million sharks are killed by fishermen each year. (National Geographic)
Death of Mido Macia: Eight South African policemen are arrested on suspicion of murder after dragging a Mozambican man behind their police van earlier in the week. (BBC) (Reuters)
Myanmar drug lord and convicted murderer Naw Kham is executed by lethal injection in Kunming, Yunnan Province, China. (Xinhua)
Google wins a copyright case in the German Bundestag over whether they can put news stories on their website without having to pay. (Bloomberg) (PC Magazine)
2013 Sequestration: A budget sequestration comes into effect today in the United States Government. (The Guardian) (Bloomberg)
Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal):A suicide attacker blows up a tanker lorry at the police headquarters in the Iraqi city of Tikrit, killing at least nine people. Three people are killed in a separate shooting in Baghdad. (CNN)
Syrian civil war:Lebanese gunmen kidnap eight Syrians from the Alawites minority and demand a hostage exchange. (The Jerusalem Post)
Eli Reimer, aged sixteen, becomes the first teenager with Down syndrome to climb to Mount Everest's Base Camp. (Fox News)
Numerous high-profile websites participate in April Fools' Day jokes. (PC World)
Production of the American reality TV show Buckwild is suspended after cast member Shain Gandee and two other people are found dead. (Fox News)
At least six people are killed in a explosion at a coal mine near Baishan, China. (AP)
India's Supreme Court rejects a plea by Novartis to patent an updated version of its cancer drug, Glivec (Imatinib), amid concerns that a patent could threaten access to cheap generic versions of drugs in poorer countries. (BBC) (The Guardian) (The Washington Post) (The New York Times)
Apple Inc. publishes a letter, signed by CEO Tim Cook, to Chinese customers, to address the growing controversy over the company's warranty policies in the country. (CNN)
Privately owned newspapers go on sale in Myanmar for the first time since 1964. (BBC) (Reuters) (GlobalPost)
2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. (AFP via Channel NewsAsia)
South Thailand insurgency:Insurgents kill six people, including a two-year-old boy, in a deadly shooting in Pattani, Thailand. (ABC News)
Boston Marathon bombing:Boston Police state that three more individuals are implicated and arrested. (CNN)A report states that Dzhokhar has told detectives he was motivated by wanting to defend Islam because of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. (NBC)
Insurgency in the North Caucasus:A bomb detonates in a busy shopping center in Makhachkala, Dagestan, Russia, killing 3 and injuring 2 others. (Ria Novosti)
Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal):Multiple bomb attacks across Iraq kill at least 15 people. (The Daily Star)
T-Mobile US debuts on the New York Stock Exchange with the ticker symbol TMUS. (Reuters)
Flash floods leave 16 people dead and 3 others missing in Saudi Arabia, with authorities urging citizens to avoid low-lying wadis. At least two others were killed in neighboring Oman in some of the heaviest rainfall in more than 25 years. (Al Arabiya)
Heavy rain and a whirlwind sweeps over eights districts and towns in Lào Cai Province, northern Vietnam, destroying 52 houses and 2 schools, ripping roofs off of 1600 houses, and damaging crops of local people. (Talkvietnam)
The UN Human Rights Office says that the force-feeding of hunger-strikers at the U.S. Guantánamo Bay Prison is a violation of international law. (AFP via France24)
Several British Overseas Territories, including Bermuda and the Cayman Islands, sign agreements to share tax information with UK and other EU members. (BBC)
A May Day protest in Seattle, United States, escalates into violence, causing injuries to eight police officers and damage to storefront property. (Seattle Pi) (CNN)
Two drone strikes kill at least seven suspected al-Qaeda militants in the Abyan Governorate of Yemen. (Reuters)
Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal)Authorities in Iraq say they have uncovered an Al-Qaeda plot to use chemical weapons, as well as to smuggle them to Europe and North America. (BBC), (Sky new)UN death-toll figures show more than 1000 people died from violent attacks in Iraq during the month of May, making it the country's deadliest month since 2008. (VOA)
Inmates kill two prison guards in a failed Nigerien jailbreak. (New York Times)
Matt Smith announces he will leave Doctor Who at the end of 2013. (Los Angeles Times)
The bollywood movie Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani grosses Rs 19.45 crores on opening day in India, the highest figure obtained in 2013 thus far. (NDTV)
The death toll from the tornados that hit Oklahoma City on May 31 rises to nine. (News Limited)
Three people are killed in apartment building explosion in Manila, Philippines. (Sydney Morning Herald via AFP)
An Ontario, Canada air ambulance crashes killing its two pilots and two paramedics. (BBC)
The United States calls on China to provide a full account of the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests.(BBC)
Michael Adebolajo is formally charged with the murder of British Army soldier Lee Rigby in the 2013 Woolwich attack. (Sky News)
2012–2013 Egyptian protests:Demonstrations across Egypt gather about 15 million people nationwide calling for the resignation of Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi. (The Atlantic)At least 16 people, including an American, have been killed, and 800 injured, in the anti-government demonstrations that began last week. (The Jerusalem Post) (CNN)Egyptian army officials issue a 48-hour ultimatum to the Muslim Brotherhood-linked government of President Mohamed Morsi to respond to the concerns of millions of protesters who have taken to the streets calling for Morsi’s resignation, or it will “step in to restore order”. (BBC) (The New York Times) (CNN)
At least 47 people are killed and more than 90 wounded in two separate bomb blasts in Pakistan, one in a Shiite suburb of Quetta and the other in an attack on a paramilitary convoy in the northwest of the country; a Sunni extremist group reportedly claims responsibility. (CNN)
Two suspected militants and a policeman are shot dead during a gun battle in Tral, Jammu and Kashmir. (BBC)
The United States commemorates the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg, a decisive battle in the American Civil War. (Washington Post)
Croatia becomes the 28th member of the European Union. (ABC News)
Former United States spy agency contractor Edward Snowden applies for political asylum in Russia. (Reuters)
Former Chilean president Michelle Bachelet gets a landslide victory, becoming the presidential candidate of the Nueva Mayoría centre-left coalition for the next November elections. Pablo Longueira, former Minister of Economy, wins the centre-right primary. (The New York Times)
Vítor Gaspar, Minister of Finance of Portugal, resigns due to lack of support and willingness to strengthen austerity measures, prompting a political crisis. The Minister is replaced by Treasury Secretary Maria Luís Albuquerque. (Globe and Mail)
July 2013 Egyptian protests:At least 16 people are killed and over 200 injured in clashes near Cairo University. (Ahram Online)Mohamed Kamel Amr resigns as the Foreign Minister of Egypt along with five other ministers who also submit their resignations after Sunday protests. (Reuters via MSN)The President of Egypt Mohammed Morsi vows to stay in office despite the protests. (The Telegraph)
Naxalite-Maoist insurgency: Six policemen in the eastern India state of Jharkhand are killed in an attack by Naxalites. (NDTV)
War in Afghanistan (2001–present):NATO forces in Afghanistan launch an investigation after a US airstrike in Nangarhar Province kills five Afghan policemen and injures another two. (ABC News Australia)
The Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 hit record highs. (Marketwatch)
American National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden is granted a one-year temporary political asylum in Russia and leaves Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport. (RT) (CNN)
In talks in Manila, the Philippines and Vietnam agree to work together on a framework for resolving maritime territorial disputes in the South China Sea. (Voice of America)
Russian police detain 1,200 illegal Vietnamese migrants in raids in Moscow. (ABC News)
Eight people are arrested in Greece for allegedly trying to smuggle weapons into Turkey. (IANS via Vancouver Desi)
The U.S. states of Minnesota and Rhode Island begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. (MSNBC)
The Dhaka High Court rules the registration of Bangladesh's largest Islamic group Jamaat-e-Islami as a political party illegal making it potentially ineligible to contest elections. (Bloomberg)
The government of Uruguay legalizes the medical usage of marijuana, restricting legal purchases to Uruguayans in that country. (New York Times)
Ariel Castro is sentenced to life plus a thousand years for kidnapping three women and holding them hostage for a decade in Cleveland, Ohio. (ABC News Australia)
Syrian civil war:The Arab League discusses the ongoing crisis in Syria at a closed-door meeting in Cairo. (Al Jazeera)Secretary of State John Kerry asserts the United States now has evidence of sarin gas use in Syria from hair and blood samples. (AP via News24)
Armed militants stage an unsuccessful attack on a container ship passing through the Suez canal in an attempt to disrupt the flow of ships through the waterway. (Al Jazeera)
War in North-West Pakistan:A roadside bomb targeting a passing Pakistani army convoy kills nine soldiers in North Waziristan near Pakistan's border with Afghanistan. (ABC) (Reuters)
A 5.9-magnitude earthquake kills at least four people in southwestern China. (CNN)
The controversial spiritual guru Asaram Bapu is arrested on a rape charge filed by a teenage girl in northwest India. (AP via News24)
Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela is discharged from hospital in the capital Pretoria. (BBC)
Mexican Drug WarMexican forces arrest Alberto Carrillo Fuentes, the alleged leader of the Juárez Cartel. (The Telegraph)
The new eastern span of the San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge opens to the public after a decade-long project to replace the old span which was damaged during the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake. (KTVU)
Verizon Communications agrees to acquire Vodafone's stake in Verizon Wireless for $130 billion, the third largest M&A deal ever. (Reuters)
Diana Nyad successfully completes a swim from Cuba to Florida, the first person to do so without a shark cage. (BBC)
Syrian civil war:A team from the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons enters Syria to begin work on dismantling the Assad regime's stockpile of chemical weapons. (BBC)
United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. (NBC News)
A Buddhist mob torches more than 70 Muslim homes and stabs a 94-year-old woman to death in Rakhine State, Myanmar. (AP via The Times of India)
Bangladeshi politician Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury is sentenced to death for war crimes including murder, torture, and genocide for his atrocities in the Bangladesh Liberation War. (BBC)
The government of Venezuela expels three United States diplomats after accusing them of "economic sabotage". (BBC)
Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal):Gunmen shoot down a military helicopter in northern Iraq killing all four crew members. (Reuters)
The Russian embassy in Libya's capital Tripoli came under fire after an attempted attack by gunmen who tried to force their way into the compound. One of the attackers was killed and four others were injured according to Libyan authorities. (Reuters)
American author Tom Clancy, best known for his military thriller novels, dies at the age of 66. (The New York Times)
An accident involving a church bus, a tractor-trailer, and an SUV on I-40 in Jefferson County, Tennessee, leaves eight dead and 14 injured. (NBC)
Law enforcement in the U.S. shuts down "Silk Road," an internet marketplace for various illegal activities including the illicit drug trade, and arrests its alleged principal, Ross Ulbricht. (Reuters)
Syrian civil war:Israeli aircraft carry out a strike near the Syrian coastal city of Latakia targeting Russian-made S-125 air defense missiles allegedly intended for use by the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. (BBC)
War in North-West Pakistan:A U.S. drone strike kills Hakimullah Mehsud, the leader of the Pakistani Taliban (whom the United States had a reward for $5 million) and five others. (BBC) (Reuters)
2013 Tiananmen Square attack:China's top security official blames the East Turkestan Islamic Movement for a suicide attack that killed five people at the Tiananmen Gate in Beijing on Monday. (AP)
Fannie Mae files a lawsuit for $800 million against nine different banks, including Citigroup and Bank of America, for manipulating the Libor benchmark interest rate. (Bloomberg via SFGate)
Flash floods and heavy rains sweep across central Texas, United States, killing 2 people. (AP via Fox News)
2013 Los Angeles International Airport shooting: A gunman opens fire at Los Angeles International Airport, killing a US Transportation Security Administration employee, and wounding several other people. It prompts a terminal evacuation. (NBC Los Angeles) (Fox News)
Two people, members of the far-right Greek political party Golden Dawn, are killed in a drive-by shooting, outside the offices of Golden Dawn in Neo Iraklio, Athens. (Reuters) (Kathimerini)
Scientists discover three new species of marsupial Antechinus in Queensland, Australia. (News.com.Au)
A person claiming to be a member of Anonymous takes down the website for Singaporean newspaper The Straits Times. (BBC)
The smartphone wars are re-ignited, as Rockstar Consortium, a company owned by companies including Apple and Microsoft, starts wide-ranging legal action against Google, Samsung, and other makers of Android phones. (Reuters) (Ars Technica)
2013 Thai protests:Anti-government protests cause the Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra to flee to a secret location as a pro-Thai government protester is killed. (The Guardian)
Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal):A suicide bombing at a funeral kills at least 17 people in Baqubah, Iraq. (Al Jazeera)
2013 Ukraine pro-European Union protests:100,000 people continue their protest against president Yanukovych's decision to back away from stronger ties with the European Union. (Ria Novosti) (Deutsche Welle)Casualties are reported after clashes between protesters and police in Kiev. (BBC)Protesters storm the Kiev City Council buildings. (BBC)
Syrian civil war:Syrian army helicopters bombard the northern rebel-held town of Al-Bab for a second day, killing 20 people. (Reuters)
At least four are dead following a Metro-North Railroad train derailment near Spuyten Duyvil, The Bronx, New York City. (CNN)
Croatian constitutional referendum, 2013:Voters in Croatia go to the polls for a referendum on a proposal to outlaw same-sex marriage with 65 per cent voting yes. (Sky News)
Comet ISON breaks up into a cloud of debris after skimming the Sun. (NBC)
China launches the Chang'e 3 lunar probe incorporating a robotic lander and Jade Rabbit rover. (Reuters via India Today)
Assem Allam, the Egyptian-born businessman and owner of Premier League club Hull City, tells the club's fans, whom he refers to as "hooligans", that they can "die as soon as they want" following protests against his plans to rename the club Hull Tigers. (ITV News) (Daily Mail)
The Right Livelihood Award, sometimes understood as a critique of the Nobel Prize, is presented at a ceremony in the Swedish Parliament building to Dr. Paul Walker, Raji Sourani, Denis Mukwege, and Hans Herren. (Right Livelihood Award)
Police in Indonesia exchange gunfire with suspected militants near Jakarta, killing six people. (ABC)
Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:Sources confirm that Lebanon has captured Majid bin Mohammad al-Majid, leader of the al-Qaeda-linked group Abdullah Azzam Brigades responsible for the recent bombing of the Iranian embassy in Beirut, Lebanon. (The Daily Star) (Reuters)
War in Somalia (2009–present)11 people are killed in bomb attacks outside a hotel in the Somali capital Mogadishu. (Standard Media), (Reuters)
Latvia officially adopts the Euro as its currency and becomes the 18th member of the Eurozone. (BBC)
A three-story building, housing apartments and a grocery store, explodes and burns in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota, injuring 13 people, some critically. (CNN)
Indonesia's Sinabung volcano erupts, displacing more than 19,000 people. (ABC News)
Jamal al-Jamal, a Palestinian ambassador to the Czech Republic, is killed in an explosion near his home in Prague. (Reuters), (CNN)
Catholic priest Rev. Eric Freed was found bludgeoned to death in the rectory of his church in Eureka, California. Suspect Gary Lee Bullock was arrested, and had been jailed, hospitalized and released due to erratic behavior just before the killing. Freed was named by the Vatican as one of 22 Catholic priests and religious who were killed during 2013 Spero News Seattle PI
Recreational marijuana stores open in Colorado. (CNN)
Bill de Blasio is sworn in as the 109th Mayor of New York City. (AP via USA Today)
Syrian Civil War:Talks in Geneva end. (BBC)
Moro insurgency in the Philippines:12 people are injured by a bomb attack in Mindanao. (Voice of America)
Euromaidan:Activist Dymtro Bulatov reappears after allegedly being tortured by the government. (CNN)
Indonesian Mount Sinabung erupts killing 14 people. (Jakarta Post)
Hundreds of endangered species from Madagascar are found in a South African airport. (BBC)
Bridgegate scandal:A former aide of Chris Christie accuses the governor of having knowledge of the event. (USA Today)
In India, the first 8.9 km of the Mumbai Monorail is inaugurated. (New Delhi Television Limited)
Ray Guy becomes the first pure punter inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in its 40+ year history. (Sports Illustrated)
Three explosions are reported in the Yemeni capital Sanaa along with heavy gunfire. (Reuters via Daily Star)
American actor Philip Seymour Hoffman, who won the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 for Capote, is found dead in his Manhattan apartment at the age of 46. Authorities initially attributed the death to a drug overdose. (NY Post)
2014 Crimean crisis, 2014 Ukrainian revolution:Russian President Vladimir Putin formally asks the Federation Council of the Russian Parliament for approval to use armed forces in Ukraine. He receives unanimous support. The Council also demands for President Putin to recall the Russian Federation ambassador to the United States. (Russia Today), (CNN) (BBC), (Associated Press)US President Barack Obama warns Russia, saying that any violation of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity would be "deeply destabilizing," and that "the United States will stand with the international community in affirming that there will be costs for any military intervention in Ukraine." (CNN)De facto Prime Minister of Crimea Sergey Aksyonov claims control of all military, police and other forces in Crimea and asks the President of Russia Vladimir Putin for assistance. (AP)Russian Federation ambassador to the United Kingdom is summoned by the British Secretary of State William Hague. (BBC)The U.N. Security Council is to be summoned for the second time in just two days. (BBC)
War in Afghanistan (2001–present)A welcome home parade in Darwin marks the official end of Australia's active involvement in the Afghanistan War. (ABC News Australia via Yahoo! 7)
War in North-West PakistanA bomb attack on a polio vaccination team in a village in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province kills at least ten people. (BBC)The Pakistan Taliban announces a one-month ceasefire aimed at reviving peace talks. (Reuters)
Kunming station massacreA group of knife-wielding terrorist suspects attacks people at the Kunming Railway Station in the city of Kunming in Yunnan province, south-western China. At least 29 people are killed and 130 others injured. (xinhuanet.com)(BBC)
An entry on the documentary film Fuck causes offence after the Wikipedia website features it prominently on its home page. (The Houstonian)
Sultan Abdul Halim Muadzam Shah Bridge or the Penang Second Bridge, Southeast Asia's longest bridge over water in Penang, Malaysia is officially opened.
2014 Venezuelan protests: Clashes continue between anti-government protesters and security forces after 41 people are arrested. (Al Jazeera)
Proposals to change the automatic trade union affiliation with the UK Labour Party are passed at a special party conference vote by 86% to 14%. (BBC)
In association football, having headbutted a player for the opposing team, an unprecedented incident during a Premier League match, Alan Pardew faces the sack. (Metro) (BBC) (Independent)
In U.S. college basketball, Wichita State becomes the first NCAA Division I men's team to complete an undefeated regular season since Saint Joseph's in 2003–04. (AP via ESPN)
American internet cartoon series Homestar Runner makes its first update to its webpage after three years on hiatus. (Time)
An 8.2 magnitude earthquake occurs in the Pacific Ocean near Chile causing landslides and killing at least five people. A tsunami warning is issued. (USGS), (AP via The Australian), (Fox News)
2014 Guinea Ebola outbreak:The death toll in Guinea rises to 80 with two people dead in neighbouring Liberia. (Sky News Australia)
2014 Crimean crisis:NATO suspends "all practical civilian and military cooperation" with Russia as a result of the annexation of Crimea, and no sign that Russian troops have withdrawn from the Ukrainian border. (CNN)
2014 Garda phone recordings controversy:Taoiseach Enda Kenny tells the Dáil the Prison Service recorded conversations between inmates and their solicitors. (RTÉ News)Mr Justice Nial Fennelly will be appointed to chair the Commission of Investigation into the Garda controversy. (RTÉ News)The Irish Government will establish a Cabinet committee to examine proposals for an independent police authority and other justice reforms, which will be chaired by the Taoiseach. (RTÉ News)The Department of Justice releases a letter sent on 10 March from then Garda Commissioner Martin Callinan in which he warns them of the recording of phone calls at Garda stations. (RTÉ News)
RIKEN concludes that research suggesting stem cells could be produced through STAP techniques was falsified. (The Japan Times)
In golf, Tiger Woods announces that he underwent back surgery for a pinched nerve, and will miss the Masters for the first time in his professional career. (ESPN)
Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013–14):A bomb detonates near Cairo University killing a police chief and injuring 5 others. (BBC)
A suicide bomber wearing a military uniform strikes a voter registration office in Kabul, Afghanistan killing 6 police officers. (AP via CTV)
2014 Fort Hood shooting:A shooting is reported at the Fort Hood Army Base near the US town of Killeen, Texas with reports of at least four deaths, including the gunman, and 14 injuries. (Washington Post)
2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Pro-Russian militants seize the regional prosecutor's office in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk. (BBC)Ukraine announces that it is reintroducing conscription. (Daily Mail)
Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:A car bomb attack in the Nigerian capital Abuja kills at least nine people. (BBC)
Egypt opens a 3D-printed full-sized exact replica of King Tutankhamun's KV62 tomb in the Valley of the Kings, as officials announce that a 30-day visa purchased at the airport will be two thirds more expensive. (The Guardian) (The Daily Telegraph)
Ford announces that their current chief executive officer, Alan Mulally, will be retiring in July, and that their chief operating officer Mark Fields will be taking his place. (BBC)
An explosion on a train in the central railway station in the Indian city of Chennai kills at least one person and injures ten. (NDTV)
The first-ever outbreak of chikungunya in the Caribbean reaches epidemic levels. (Jamaica Observer)
The People's Republic of China and Russia announce plans to hold joint naval exercises in the East China Sea in late May amid regional tensions about islands and airspace. (AP)
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams remains in custody in connection with the IRA murder of Jean McConville. (BBC)
Syrian Civil War (Siege of Homs):A 24-hour ceasefire deal is reached in Syria's city of Homs allowing rebels to withdraw from their last stronghold in the central city. (BBC) (Reuters)
Post-coup unrest in Egypt (Sinai insurgency):Attacks by suicide bombers on a security checkpoint and a civilian bus in Egypt’s Sinai Peninsula as well as a separate bombing near a courthouse in Cairo killed at least four people. (The Washington Post)Two people were shot dead when supporters of deposed President Mohamed Morsi clashed with residents in Alexandria. (Reuters)
Islamist insurgency in NigeriaA bombing at a football match in the town on Mubi in northeastern Nigeria kills at least 40 people. (AFP via Global Post)Two Italian priests and a Canadian nun kidnapped by suspected Boko Haram gunmen have been released. (CBC)
Stocks in Egypt fall sharply with the EGX30 losing 4.2% and the EGX100 losing 5% after the government proposed a new 10% capital gains tax. (AP via ABC News)
A Mil Mi-8 helicopter crashes near Munozero (Мунозеро (деревня) (ru)) in northern Russia's Murmansk Oblast with nineteen people onboard with two confirmed survivors and the fate of the other passengers unclear. (ITAR-TASS)
A Muslim Frenchman with connections to Syrian jihadists is arrested for murdering four Jewish people in the Jewish Museum of Belgium shooting. (The Times of Israel)
A teenager is arrested at Heathrow Airport in England in relation to suspected involvement in Syrian-related terrorism. (Daily Express)
2014 Thai coup d'étatThe Royal Thai Armed Forces deploy against major protests planned for today but a small protest goes ahead outside a shopping mall in central Bangkok. (AP)
Telangana officially becomes the 29th state of India. (Hindustan Times)
Former Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front guerilla leader Salvador Sánchez Cerén is sworn in as the President of El Salvador. (AP via CTV)
In cycling, Colombian rider Nairo Quintana wins the 2014 Giro d'Italia, with compatriot Rigoberto Urán coming second and Italian Fabio Aru coming third. Colombia completed a successful stage with rider Julián Arredondo winning the mountains classification. (Gazetta)
In cricket, the Kolkata Knight Riders win their second Indian Premier League championship defeating the Kings XI Punjab in the final in Bangalore. (Sky Sports)
2014 pro-Russian conflict in UkraineThe President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko states that the Ukraine government's forces will resume offensive operations against pro-Russian rebels. (Reuters)
Gaza-Israel conflictIsrael's military hits 34 targets across the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip in response to the more than 20 rockets that were fired into Israel from Gaza since Sunday. One Palestinian man is killed after throwing a grenade at security forces in the raids. (AP)
Islamist insurgency in NigeriaA car bomb explodes in a market in the northeast Nigerian town of Maiduguri, the birthplace of Boko Haram, with dozens feared dead. (AP via SFGate)
The United States imposes a record $9 billion fine on BNP Paribas for helping clients bypass sanctions against Cuba, Iran, and Sudan. The bank is also barred from certain US dollar dominated transactions for one year. (Reuters)
Malaysia states that it will extradite a junior military official who returned home after being charged with sexual assault at its diplomatic mission in New Zealand. (AP via Netscape)
Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is held for questioning over alleged corruption. (BBC)
A Ku Klux Klan flag is erected in the east of Belfast, Northern Ireland, sparking outrage amid a recent surge in racist attacks in the city. (The Guardian)
The German Social Democrat Martin Schulz is reelected President of the European Parliament for another two and a half years. (Deutsche Welle)
The Council of Representatives of Iraq is due to meet for the first time since recent elections to try and counter the surge made by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. However, the meeting is delayed due to a lack of quorum. (CNN)
The Cabinet of Japan lifts a ban on the Japan Self-Defense Forces fighting overseas. The move is aimed towards defending allied countries. (Australia Network News)
Nagorno-Karabakh conflictAt least eight Azeri soldiers are killed following clashes with Armenian troops on the border and near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Azerbaijan said Armenia had also suffered losses, although it did not provide any details. (Yahoo News)
2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:Vladimir Antyufeyev, a Russian citizen and veteran of the pro-Russian separatist rebellion in Moldova, takes over as head of Donetsk People's Republic rebellion after self-labeled "prime minister" Alexander Borodai reportedly disappeared for Russia. (BBC)
Operation Protective EdgeA 72-hour ceasefire brokered by the UN and USA which began at 08:00 falls apart with each side accusing the other party of breaching the ceasefire. An Israeli soldier is kidnapped and several killed during a suicide bomber attack at 09:30, according to Israeli officials. 91 Palestinians were killed in the city of Rafah south of Gaza according to the Gaza Officials since the Israeli soldier was captured. The UN and USA strongly condemn the attack. The ceasefire was cancelled. (Times of Israel) (Global Post)2 Palestinians are shot dead by Israeli security forces during clashes in the West bank. (The New York Times)
2014 West Africa Ebola outbreakLiberia and Sierra Leone declare a state of emergency in response to the Ebola virus disease by sending in troops and ordering the closure of schools and markets and the quarantining of affected communities. (Reuters) (The Guardian)
Uganda Anti-Homosexuality Act, 2014The Constitutional Court of Uganda rules the Uganda Anti-Homosexuality Act, 2014 invalid on a technicality. (BBC News) (The Times) (The Guardian)
Disgraced Australian former entertainer Rolf Harris has applied for permission to appeal against his conviction for indecent assault. Eighty-four-year-old Harris was sentenced to 5 years and 9 months in prison in July on 12 counts of indecent assault against 4 girls between 1968 and 1986. (BBC News)
2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:Ukrainian forces retake control of the towns of Krasnohorivka and Staromykhailivka, outside the pro-Russian rebels' stronghold of Donetsk. (Reuters via New York Times)
Nagorno-Karabakh conflict, 2014 Armenian–Azerbaijani line of contact clashes:Five more Azeri troops are killed in overnight fighting with ethnic Armenians in Nagorno-Karabakh. The casualties bring the death toll to at least 13 in a flare-up of violence over the last few days around Nagorno-Karabakh. Russia has said that any further escalation is unacceptable. (Reuters)
2014 Israel–Gaza conflictIsrael Defense Forces declare that the Israeli soldier previously believed to have been captured by Hamas fighters in Rafah had in fact been killed in battle that day and his body taken. (CBC)
2014 Kunshan explosionAt least 68 people were killed and more than 180 injured in an early morning explosion at a factory near Shanghai that makes automobile parts for General Motors. The factory produces aluminum alloy tire rims. (LA Times)
Pakistan unrestPakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. (Reuters via Yahoo! News)The Pakistan Television Corporation goes off air after protesters storm its headquarters. (BBC)
2014 pro-Russian unrest in UkraineUkrainian forces battle pro-Russian rebels near Luhansk International Airport. The area is encircled by the pro-Russian forces for over 3 weeks. (BBC)Valeriy Heletey, Ukraine's Defence Minister, accuses Russia of launching a "great war". (BBC)
Four people are arrested after an attempted bombing in Manila's Ninoy Aquino International Airport. (CNN)
A gunman shoots dead two people and injures a third at the Work and Income office in Ashburton, New Zealand, before fleeing on a bicycle. The town is locked down for seven hours while police search for and apprehend the suspected gunman. (NZ Herald)
Mohammad Reza Rahimi, former Iranian vice president, is convicted to a prison term for his role in the 2011 embezzlement scandal. (Al Jazeera)
Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Dozens of people are killed as Boko Haram captures the town of Bama. (Reuters)
War in Somalia (2009–present):At least six people are reported killed after a U.S. drone strikes a convoy of vehicles believed to be carrying senior members of the militant group Al-Shabaab. (Al-Jazeera)
Sinai insurgency:Eleven Egyptian Army soldiers are killed in a roadside bomb attack in the Sinai Peninsula. (Al-Jazeera)
Terrorism in Saudi Arabia:Saudi Arabian authorities announce they have arrested 88 people on suspicions of being part of an al-Qaeda cell and plotting attacks inside and outside the kingdom. (Al-Jazeera)
Syrian Civil WarISIL releases an Internet video showing the beheading of American journalist Steven Sotloff. (Washington Post)
War in Donbass:At least 12 people are killed when shells hit a school and, in a separate shelling, a bus station in the separatist-controlled city of Donetsk. (CNN)
Taliban insurgencyTaliban suicide bombers attack an Afghan National Army convoy in Kabul, killing at least 7 people and injuring 19. (Wall Street Journal)
Syrian civil war:At least 45 people (including 41 children) are killed and 56 injured following a suicide bomber attack on the Akrameh al-Makhzumi school in Homs. (RTE)(Al Jazeera)
The Philippines government confiscates art owned by Imelda Marcos, including a Michaelangelo, a Gauguin, and a Picasso, alleging that these were bought using embezzled funds. (BBC)
U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy writes to Internet Service Providers asking them to commit to net neutrality, that is, to refrain from engaging in "paid prioritization." (Reuters)
Pacific walruses unable to find sea ice on which to rest in Arctic waters are coming ashore in record numbers on a beach in north-west Alaska.(The Guardian)
Greenland's government calls for an early election on November 28 after an expenses scandal prompts Prime Minister Aleqa Hammond to step down as leader of the governing Siumut party. (AFP)
Julia Pierson resigns as the Director of the United States Secret Service following a series of security breaches at the White House. (Bloomberg)
The Egyptian government confiscates all copies of a daily print of Al-Masry Al-Youm, one of the country’s largest private newspapers, in order to censor an article, days after President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi vowed in a U.S. television interview that there was "no limitation on freedom of expression in Egypt." (New York Times)
2014 Gorni Lom explosions:
al-Qaeda insurgency in YemenClashes between al-Qaeda and security forces leave 20 soldiers and 3 militants dead in Hodeidah province of western Yemen. (Reuters)
Unidentified gunmen kill at least 20 police officers in an ambush in northwest Kenya. (World Bulletin)
Siege of KobanêTurkey breaks from its policy of preventing Kurdish fighters from entering Syria and allows 150 Iraqi Peshmerga to cross into Kobanê. (The Guardian)
Israel-Gaza conflictThe Israel Defense Forces report a rocket fired from Gaza landed in Israeli territory with no injuries or damage. (AFP via Al Arabiya English)
At least four people are dead, one injured and several missing following a fire in a two apartment building near the University of Southern Maine campus in Portland. (AP via Yahoo News US)
Western Sydney Wanderers win the AFC Champions League, defeating Saudi Arabian club Al Hilal 1–0 on aggregate to became the first Australian club to win the tournament. (AAP via ABC News Australia)
The racehorse Bayern wins the 2014 running of the Breeders' Cup Classic.(Official Breeders' Cup results)
Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant:Over 300 members of the Sunni Albu Nimr tribe are executed by ISIS militants in Anbar Province, western Iraq. (Reuters via Al Arabiya)
Libyan Civil War:The death toll surpasses 200 from fighting between loyalist troops and Islamist militias in Benghazi since an offensive launched by Khalifa Hifter began two weeks ago. (AP via ABC News)
At least 60 people were killed and 110 injured by a suicide bombing in the Pakistani city of Lahore. (CNN)
Iraqi insurgencyThe Prime Minister of Iraq Haidar al-Abadi promises a crackdown on corruption after an audit shows that there were 50,000 ghost soldiers in the Army. (AFP via ABC News Australia)The Iraq Prime Minister fires 24 Interior Ministry officials while the Islamic State kills at least 15 police officers near the border with Syria. (AP via Daily Mail)
Naxalite-Maoist insurgencyMaoist rebels kill 14 Central Reserve Police Force members in an ambush in Chhattisgarh, Central India. (BBC)
Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Dual Boko Haram attacks in Maiduguri and Damaturu leave at least 77 dead, including 33 police, 6 soldiers, and 20 militants. (CBS)
War in Afghanistan:A suicide bomb kills at least nine, including two policemen, at a funeral for a tribal elder in Baghlan Province, northern Afghanistan. (Al Jazeera)
A search continues for 52 people missing from a South Korean fishing vessel, the Oriong-501, that sank early in the morning in bad weather in the Bering Sea off Russia's Chukotka Autonomous Okrug. Eight people have been rescued including one person who subsequently died. (Voice of America)
World AIDS Day:Researchers claim that the pandemic has reached a tipping point where the number of people receiving treatment in a year was greater than the number of new cases. (U.S. Presidential Proclamation), (Reuters)
Russia abandons its plans for the South Stream pipeline to Bulgaria due to European Union objections instead looking at a pipeline to Turkey. (Reuters)
The United Nations World Food Program suspends a food program for 1.7 million Syrian refugees after donor countries fail to meet their commitments. (AP via CBC)
Russia launches a new national defense facility in Moscow meant to monitor threats to national security in peacetime but take control of the country in wartime. (RT)
A group of 30 armed men raid Papua New Guinea's Lae Nadzab Airport holding passengers hostage and ransacking offices. (ABC News Australia)
Terrorism in YemenThe death toll of the suicide bombing in Ibb, Yemen, that occurred on December 31 rises to 49 with the injury count rising to 70. (AFP via Business Standard)
A shooting kills one and injures six people in Killarney, Calgary, Canada, with police making no arrests. (National Post)
Lithuania adopts the euro as its official currency, becoming the 19th member of the Eurozone. (CNN)
U.S. fast-food restaurant chain Chick-fil-A warns that a security breach may have leaked credit card details of 9,000 customers in five states. (Daily Mail)
The Palestine Authority signs a treaty to join and participate in the International Criminal Court. (Wall Street Journal)
The Eurasian Economic Union between Russia, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Kyrgyzstan and Armenia comes into effect (Novinite)
Vietnam’s new marriage law goes into effect, abolishing regulations that “prohibit marriage between people of the same sex.” (Bloomberg)
Mario Cuomo, former governor of the U.S. state of New York, dies at the age of 82. (Reuters)
Somali civil warSomali al-Shabaab militants attack an army base on the outskirts of Baidoa, killing seven soldiers. (Reuters via Daily Times)
Islamist insurgency in NigeriaBoko Haram militants attack a bus in Waza, Cameroon, killing eleven people and injuring six. (CNN via WLKY)
The United Steelworkers union strikes against Royal Dutch Shell Plc at nine U.S. oil and chemical plants. Up until recently oil prices had undergone steep drops since June, but the union's action as part of the supply chain caused the market price to soar more than eight percent. (Reuters)
Egypt deports Australian journalist Peter Greste after being jailed with two al-Jazeera colleagues Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed 400 days before. (BBC)
Four-hundred African migrants charge past Moroccan border forces by throwing rocks, trying to storm border fences separating Spain's North African enclave Melilla, but Spanish guards repel them. (AP via Fox News)
Pro-democracy protesters peacefully return to the streets of Hong Kong for the first time since the end of Occupy Central protests in December. (AFP France 24) (Reuters)
2015 Australian OpenIn tennis, Novak Djokovic of Serbia beats Andy Murray of the United Kingdom in the Australian Open Men's Singles Final. Djokovic is the first man to win five Australian Open championships in the open era. (ABC News), (The Guardian)
Super Bowl XLIXIn American football, the New England Patriots defeat the Seattle Seahawks 28–24 in the Super Bowl at the University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona. (BBC), (NFL)Patriots quarterback Tom Brady wins his third MVP award at a Super Bowl and becomes the third quarterback to win four Super Bowls after Joe Montana and Terry Bradshaw. (Sports International)
2015 World Men's Handball ChampionshipIn handball, France beats Qatar in the final to win a record fifth world championship. (Gulf Times)Poland wins the bronze medal having beaten Spain by 29–28. (marca.com)
Moro insurgency in the PhilippinesForeign investors withdraw "billions of pesos" from the Philippines after a deadly battle threatened to derail the March 2014 peace deal. (The Straits Times), (Agence France Presse via Yahoo! News)
War in DonbassArtillery shelling of Donetsk leaves at least one civilian dead while five Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed in heavy fighting. (Reuters via LBC)
A shootout between Lesotho Defence Force soldiers and two former bodyguards of Prime Minister Tom Thabane leaves at least one bystander killed and three others wounded. (Reuters)
Estonian parliamentary election, 2015The ruling Reform Party wins the elections, but loses the majority that it has had with its current coalition partner, the Social Democratic Party. For the first time in many years, two new parties cross the election threshold, the right-of-centre Free Party and the eurosceptic Conservative People's Party of Estonia. (Estonian Public Broadcasting)
Andorran parliamentary election, 2015Despite losing five seats, the Democrats for Andorra narrowly retains their absolute majority in the General Council, winning 15 of the 28 seats. (Elections Andorra)
NASA astronauts perform the third of three ISS spacewalks completing the cabling reroutings needed in preparation for the 2017 arrival of the first commercial spacecraft capable of transporting astronauts. (AP)
Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant:A coalition of Iraqi Armed Forces and militia numbering around 30,000 launches an offensive against Islamic State positions in Tikrit. Troops seize control of the district of al-Tin and al-Abeid. (BBC)
Second Libyan Civil War (2014–present)Libya's Council of Deputies agrees to resume peace talks. (Reuters via Daily Mail)
Hewlett-Packard announces that it will buy Aruba Networks, a California-based manufacturer of wi-fi equipment, for approximately $2.7 billion in combined cash and equity. (press release).
In response to joint exercises held by South Korea and the United States, North Korea fires two short-range missiles off its coast. (Reuters)
A man shoots to death a woman and a seven-year-old boy then himself in the Queensland town of Biddeston, west of Brisbane, Australia. (ABC News)
Durham Police arrest English and Sunderland footballer Adam Johnson over suspected sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. (BBC News)
Norwegian Air Shuttle will ground all passengers in Norway, Denmark, and Sweden as the result of an industrial dispute. The action leaves 35,000 people stranded. (Norway local)
Two United States Marine Corps F-18 fighters make a precautionary landing at Taiwan's Tainan Air Force Base. (Focus Taiwan) (The Washington Times)
Flames engulf a Mexican state-run Pemex oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico, killing four workers. (AP)
The Russian trawler Dalniy Vostok with 132 crew sinks off of the Kamchatka peninsula leaving at least 54 dead and 15 missing. (AP) (BBC)
California governor Jerry Brown announces mandatory water restrictions in response to the worst drought in California history. (The New York Times)
Turkish police shoot two attackers outside Istanbul’s central police headquarters, killing one of them. The exchange of fire wounds two officers. (The Guardian)
An apparent murder and suicide leaves four dead in Tulsa, Oklahoma. (AP)
A federal grand jury indicts New Jersey Senator Bob Menendez on corruption charges. (AP)
A court convicts eleven Atlanta, Georgia teachers as part of a mass cheating scandal. (BBC)
The Obama Administration targets overseas cyber attackers with a sanctions program. (Reuters)
Thailand's military junta repeals martial law in favor of an imposed constitutional provision that allows the leader of the government to make extra-constitutional orders. (AP)
Mexican Drug WarThree Mexican Army soldiers die as gunfire downs a helicopter in the state of Jalisco. Ten soldiers and two Federal Police officers are injured. (AP via ABC News America)A PRI/PVEM mayoral candidate in the city of Chilapa de Álvarez, Guerrero, is assassinated. (AP via Washington Post)
Yemeni Civil WarThe United Nations warns that humanitarian efforts in Yemen could end within days unless the Houthis allow distribution of fuel. (Al-Jazeera)
Libyan Civil War (2014–present)A rocket attack on a centre for despatching ambulances in the eastern city of Benghazi kills at least three people and injures seven other. (Reuters)
A 7.1 magnitude earthquake occurs in Papua New Guinea's East New Britain province with the potential to generate a local tsunami. (AP via Daily Mail)
Australian east coast lowFour people have died in South East Queensland in flood waters triggered by heavy rain. (Courier-Mail)
Expo 2015 opens in Milan, Italy, with the theme Feeding the planet, energy for life and with 145 countries participating.(BBC)
Scientists at the Salk Institute and the Chinese Academy of Sciences studying Werner's syndrome, which is characterized by the appearance of premature aging, report that aging causes an overall decline in the synthesis of proteins that are themselves involved in protein synthesis. (BMC) (Washington Post, via MSN)
French President François Hollande promises to investigate claims that French Army soldiers were involved in sexual child abuse in the Central African Republic. (NPR)
Death of Freddie GrayMarilyn Mosby, the State Attorney for Baltimore, Maryland, rules that the death of Freddie Gray was a homicide and six officers of the Baltimore Police Department had been negligent in his death. (New York Times)The six officers are taken into custody and charged with second degree murder, involuntary manslaughter and misconduct. (AFP via News24)
Fort Lee lane closure scandalFormer Port Authority of New York and New Jersey official David Wildstein pleads guilty for his role in creating traffic jams near the George Washington Bridge for political retribution in 2013. (AP)
Iraq War (2014–present):An Islamic State suicide bombing kills 37 at an Iraqi police base. (Yahoo)
War in Afghanistan (2001–present):Nine Afghan employees of a Czech charity People In Need have been killed in an attack by unknown gunmen in Zari District in the north of the country. (Al Jazeera), (BBC), (Radio Prague)
A ship carrying 458 people capsizes on Yangtze River in China's Hubei province. So far, just seven have been rescued. (Xinhua via Twitter), (News Limited)
Illegal immigration from Africa to EuropeA European Union mission rescues more than 5,000 migrants over three days. (Deutsche Welle)
Nigeria's anti-graft authority arrests six senior officials from the Central Bank of Nigeria and 16 people from commercial banks for fraud. (AFP via Fraud)
Parts of the Patriot Act expire at 12:01 a.m. due to Congressional failure to reform the USA Freedom Act, temporarily making new surveillance of telephone records by the NSA illegal. (New York Times)
Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina enters the race for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination. (New York Times)
Former German chancellor, "architect of German reunification" and one of the authors of the European single currency Helmut Kohl is reported to be in a "critical condition" after surgery at a Heidelberg hospital. (Guardian)
Yemeni Civil War (2015)Armed tribesmen kill 18 Houthi fighters in an ambush in Yemen's Ibb Governorate. (Reuters)
Communist insurgency in the PhilippinesAdelberto Silva, the highest ranked leader of the Communist Party of the Philippines and New People's Army, has been arrested. (AFP via Yahoo! News)
Yemeni Civil War (2015)Shells fired by Houthi forces have killed at least 18 people near the southern port city of Aden, meanwhile United Nations officials have warned that a deadly dengue fever outbreak is rapidly gaining pace in the war-torn country. (Reuters)
Sinai insurgency: July 2015 Sinai attacksMilitants launch attacks on Egyptian Armed Forces checkpoints in North Sinai, leaving dozens of security personnel and insurgents killed. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the assaults. (Times of India)(AP)
Egypt's security forces kill nine 'terrorists' during a raid in a Western Cairo suburb. The group were among "the most dangerous terrorists" wanted in Egypt according to Giza deputy security director Magdy Abd El-Aal. It has also been reported that Nasser al-Hafi, a former MP and a leading lawyer for the Muslim Brotherhood was among those killed. (Ahram)
The Episcopal Church in the United States adopts its liturgy for same sex marriages. (General Convention), (NBC News)
Greek government-debt crisisGreece becomes the first advanced economy to miss a payment to the International Monetary Fund in the 71-year history of the IMF, unwinding decades of precedent and affecting consequences for the fund's future rescues. (Financial Times) (IMF)The Prime Minister of Greece Alex Tsipras has written to creditors claiming he will accept a bailout but with conditions. (Daily Telegraph)Moody's Investors Service downgrades Greek bonds further to caa3 saying that it expects the country to default further without further support from official creditors. (Reuters)
The World Bank urges the People's Republic of China to undertake financial reforms to keep economic growth on track. (AP)
2015 Indonesia Hercules C-130 crashThe death toll from yesterday's crash in the Indonesian city of Medan rises to 141. (The Guardian)
The Russian gas company Gazprom suspends shipments of gas to Ukraine following a payment dispute. (BBC)
The United States and Cuba officially announce that embassies will be reopened in each other's countries for the first time since 1961. (BBC)
The United States Department of Justice begins an investigation into whether US airlines entered into collusion to illegally keep ticket prices high. (BBC)
Operation Martyr YalçınTurkey has killed around 260 members of the Kurdistan Workers Party in recent bombing campaigns in Turkey and northern Iraq. Officially the operation was started to attack ISIL but over 90% of attacks were against the PKK. (AFP via Yahoo! News)
Arab–Israeli conflictIsraeli forces in separate incidents in violent riots protesting an arson attack that burned an infant to death result in the death of two 17-year-old Palestinians. (Reuters), (RT)
Internal conflict in PeruThe Peruvian Army rescues 15 people from Shining Path guerillas. (AFP via France 24)
The speech by Japanese Emperor Hirohito announcing the unconditional surrender of Japan is released in digital form. (AP)
The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, places the ancient historic site of Chersonesus under the control of the Russian federal government after a local government made a controversial appointment as site manager. (AP via The Republic)
Puerto Rico fails to make a $58 million bond repayment due today. Gubernatorial Chief of Staff Víctor Suárez said the government still hopes to reach an agreement with creditors on renegotiating its debts. (AP via MyWay), (Analyst Rating Reports)
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370Debris suspected to be from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 that disappeared last year arrives in France for investigation in Toulouse. (Reuters)
The President of Myanmar Thein Sein declares a state of emergency in four regions, Chin State, Magwe Region, Sagaing Region and Rakhine State, after floods kill at least 27 people. (BBC)
A landslide in India's Manipur state near the border with Myanmar buries a village and kills at least twenty people. (The Times of India)
Saudi Arabian-led intervention in YemenA projectile fired from Yemen into the city of Najran kills a Saudi Arabian citizen. (Al-Arabiya)
Destruction of cultural heritage by ISILThe United Nations confirms the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has completely destroyed the Temple of Bel in Palmyra, Syria, after earlier reports that the structure was mostly intact. (BBC) (Al Jazeera English Online)
War in Somalia (2009–present)Al-Shabaab claims to have killed scores of African Union troops in a successful attack that captured a compound in Janaale, south of Mogadishu. (Al-Jazeera), (AP)
War in North-West PakistanSix suspected militants are killed in a United States drone attack in the tribal area of North Waziristan. (IANS via Yahoo! News India)
Pope Francis releases a letter granting priests the ability to grant absolution to women who have received an abortion. (Washington Post)
Conflict-of-interest editing on WikipediaWikipedia concludes a large-scale operation blocking hundreds of users centered on networks of for-pay edits violating the encyclopedia's guidelines. (BBC) (The Guardian) (Ars Technica)
A chemical plant owned by the Shandong Binyuan Chemical Company explodes in the Chinese city of Dongying in the coastal Shandong province, killing at least one person with the extent of other injuries unknown. (AP via Asian Correspondent) (Voice of America) (Shanghaiist)
The death toll from a Legionnaires' disease outbreak at a Quincy, Illinois veterans home rises to at least seven with more than the current number of 32 sickened expected since the incubation period for illness can be up to two weeks. (Reuters)
European migrant crisisAuthorities in Hungary close the Budapest Keleti railway station to prevent hundreds of migrants from boarding trains to other European capitals. (ITV)Thousands of refugees arrive in Germany's München Hauptbahnhof from Budapest. Police and firefighters on the scene provide them with food, water and medical aid even as more continue to arrive. (thelocal)More than 11,000 Icelanders offer to open their homes to Syrian refugees to help with the European crisis.(The Independent) (Time)
Eurostar services between Paris and London are delayed by hundreds of migrants trying to board the trains at Calais. (Reuters)
In Lake County, Illinois, a manhunt is initiated as authorities seek three suspects who killed a police officer from the Fox Lake Police Department, Lieutenant Charles Joseph Gliniewicz. (Chicago Tribune)
Gaza–Israel conflictIn retaliation for the rocket fired on the Israeli city of Ashdod, the Israeli Air Force carries out airstrikes on suspected Hamas positions in Gaza. No casualties are reported. (The News Hub)
War in Afghanistan (2015–present)Battle of KunduzThe government of Afghanistan claims to have recaptured the city of Kunduz. (AFP via ABC News Australia)Taliban forces take over the Warduj District of the Badakhshan Province as government forces retreat. (WVTM)A C-130J transport aircraft crashes in eastern Afghanistan as it approaches the airport in Jalalabad killing at least 11 people on board. A U.S. military spokesman says there were no reports of enemy fire at the time. (Al Jazeera), (ABC News), (Reuters)
Syrian Civil WarRussian intervention in the Syrian Civil WarRussian air-strikes reportedly kill U.S.-backed Syrian rebels as Russian jets bomb rebel positions in rural areas of northern Syria, including the town of Jisr al-Shughour, which is currently held by Islamist militant groups including Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, the Al-Nusra Front. (The Telegraph)Hezbollah fighters and newly arrived Iranian troops are reportedly preparing for a 'major ground offensive' in northern Syria, backed by Russian air-strikes. (Reuters)Iraq's prime minister Haider al-Abadi endorses Russian air-strikes against ISIS forces in Iraq while expressing 'disappointment' with the U.S.-led coalition. (Times Live)
Turkey–PKK conflict2015 PKK rebellionFour Turkish soldiers are killed in PKK attacks across southeastern Turkey. Turkish authorities impose a curfew in the city of Mardin due to escalating violence. (Today's Zaman)
Chinese authorities arrest a suspect in yesterday's 17 Liucheng County mail bomb explosions that killed at least seven people and wounded more than 50. The suspect is identified as 33-year-old quarry-worker, Wei Yinyong, from Dapu township also in Guangxi Province. There is another explosion this morning. While it's not clear if it is connected, authorities reportedly located 60 packages yesterday which were being examined by a bomb squad. (The New York Times), (Asia One), (Voice of America), (Al Arabiya)
Umpqua Community College shootingA mass shooting at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg, Oregon kills nine people and leaves seven wounded. The shooter commits suicide when confronted by the police. The man's motives are unknown. (Reuters), (CNN), (BBC News), (Reuters)The shooter is identified as 26-year-old Chris Harper-Mercer. (CBS News), (Palm Beach Post)
An Israeli couple are murdered in a shooting attack on their car in the northern West Bank; four of the couple's children are in the vehicle at the time but are not hit by the gunfire. Hamas praises the "heroic attack" and calls for "more high-quality attacks." (The Times of Israel), (Israel National News), (Breaking Israel News), (VOA News)
Yemeni Civil WarGovernment forces and the Southern Resistance backed by coalition forces wrest control of the strategic strait of Bab Al Mandab and a small Mayoun Island in the Red Sea from Houthi militants. (AP via Fox News) (Gulf News), (Al Jazeera‎)
Boko Haram insurgencyFive girl bombers attack the Nigerian city of Maiduguri with at least 14 people, including the girls, killed and 39 injured. (BBC)
The UAW at Fiat Chrysler Automobiles reject a four-year contract, setting the stage for at least localized strikes against the automaker.(Reuters)
War in Somalia (2009–present)Islamist al-Shabaab militants attack a hotel in Mogadishu resulting in at least 12 deaths. (AFP via Yahoo! News) (Reuters via ABC News Australia)
Syrian Civil WarIslamic State fighters seize control of Mahin, a town in Syria's central Homs province, following clashes with government forces which left about 50 dead. Fighting was also reported to be taking place on the outskirts of Sadad, a nearby town mostly populated by Christians. (Reuters)
Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. (The Daily Star) (Al Jazeera)Since the beginning of October, nine Israeli citizens, 67 Palestinian and an Arab Israeli have been killed in this wave of violence. (AFP via Yahoo News)The fate of slain Palestinians is fueling a new feud with Israeli authorities. The Israeli defense minister says Israel is refusing to return the bodies of Palestinian terrorists killed during this month-old surge of violence unless the Palestinian side agrees to keep their funerals "modest." (Reuters)An Israel Defense Forces inquiry concludes the death of a Palestinian woman at a checkpoint in Hebron last month was unnecessary, finding the teenager could have been detained and not killed. (Haaretz)
The United States Navy sends a remotely operated underwater craft to investigate a wreck which they believe is the remains of the SS El Faro which disappeared on October 1 near the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin with 33 people on board. (CNN)
Kogalymavia Flight 9268Airlines including Emirates, Lufthansa and Air France refuse to fly over the Sinai Peninsula until the cause of the crash is known. (AP via ABC News America)Russian air transport chief Alexander Neradko says Flight 9268 broke apart at high altitude and scattered plane parts over a wide swath of Egyptian desert. Neradko added it was too soon to determine what caused Saturday's horrific crash. (USA Today)Russia observes a nationwide day of mourning for victims of the plane crash in Egypt. (AP via Fox News)The bodies of more than 140 of those killed in the air crash have been flown back to St Petersburg. (BBC)
Colectiv nightclub fireThree other victims of the nightclub fire die at hospital, bringing the death toll to 30. (Mediafax)
At least eight people are dead and 70 missing following the sinking of a ferry on Myanmar's Chindwin River in the northwestern Sagaing Region, (Myanmar Times)
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summitThe leaders of the People's Republic of China, South Korea and Japan hold their first summit in three years. (New York Times)Japan and China agree to restart mutual visits of their foreign ministers, to hold bilateral high-level economic dialogue early next year, and to work toward early implementation of communication mechanisms between their military forces. (Reuters)
Switzerland Named World’s Most Positive Country For 2015. (China.org.cn)
School shootings in the United StatesA campus shooting at around 1:20 AM at Lot W, near Wilson Hall and Gleason-Hairston Terrace, at the Main Campus of Winston-Salem State University, in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, kills at least one person and wounds at least one- the two are believed to be students; the suspected gunman, Jarrett Jerome Moore, is not believed to be a student, and is believed to be still at large. (CNN via MSN) (University note) (Winston-Salem Journal)
Azerbaijan law enforcement agencies launch a special operation against Islamists in Nardaran, a suburb in the capital Baku. (Tass)
Syrian Civil War spillover in LebanonThe Lebanese Army and the al-Nusra Front conduct a prisoner exchange with Saja Dulaimi, former wife of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, being one of the prisoners released. The exchange was brokered by Qatar. (Al-Jazeera), (Reuters)
Iraqi Civil War, Military intervention against ISIL, American-led intervention in IraqThe Iraqi government, via state TV, requests all civilians leave the ISIL-held city of Ramadi in Anbar province, after several days of U.S.-led coalition airstrikes against ISIL. Observers speculate this request precedes major ground operations to retake Ramadi, which fell to ISIL in May. (Deutsche Welle)U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter said, in testimony before the House Armed Services Committee, the Obama Administration is preparing to establish a new Special Operations task force of about 200 service members in Iraq to intensify pressure on Islamic State commanders and expand U.S. troops’ direct involvement in battling the militant group. There are now about 3,500 U.S. troops in Iraq, including some Special Operations forces who are advising Iraqi forces in northern and central Iraq. (The Washington Post), (The Hill)
Saudi Arabian-led intervention in YemenA major push by Yemen-based Houthi forces into the kingdom's southern Najran Region kills dozens of Houthi fighters. The Houthi-run Saba News Agency says that Houthi fighters have seized three Saudi military outposts near the city of Najran, destroying several armored vehicles, including two U.S.-made M1 Abrams tanks and three Bradley vehicles. (Reuters)
Allied Democratic Forces insurgencyU. N. attack helicopters launch strikes against positions of Allied Democratic Forces. This comes a day after a series of clashes between rebels and soldiers in a town in eastern Congo killed at least 30 people. (AFP via Yahoo), (Reuters), (Press TV)
A pipe bomb explodes on a Bayrampaşa overpass near the city's central metro station in suburban Istanbul, Turkey leaving five people injured. (The Guardian), (The Atlantic), (BBC)
So called "White Student Unions" begin springing up at several Australian universities, including the University of Queensland, University of Southern Queensland, University of Technology Sydney, Macquarie University, Western Sydney University, University of New South Wales and the University of Western Australia. The groups say they are defending the interests of white students who they say are becoming marginalized from on-campus life and politics. (News Corp Australia)
Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg announces the plan to donate 99 percent of the company stock he and his wife Priscilla Chan own over their lifetimes, shares today worth about $45 billion, to "advance human potential and promote equality for all children." (The Washington Post)
Indonesia AirAsia Flight 8501Indonesia releases a report into the crash of AirAsia Flight 8501 by the National Transportation Safety Committee. The report finds that crew error was responsible for the crash that claimed 162 lives. (Channel News Asia), (Sky News)
The World Health Organization urges Ukraine's health ministry to declare a state of emergency due to a polio outbreak, a move meant to prompt more action from the government in Kiev. Half of Ukraine's children have not been vaccinated against polio, according to Dorit Nitzan, head of the WHO's office in Ukraine. (AP via US News & World Report)