11 people are killed after a Russian military cargo plane belonging to the Interior Ministry crashes in Yakutia. 
2000 Taiwanese presidential electionChen Shui-bian is elected President of the Republic of China.
2002 US Open: Serena Williams defeats Venus Williams.
2006 Israel-Lebanon conflictThe Battle of Ayta al-Sha`b rages, with multiple Israeli casualties. 
2007 Belgian government formationFormateur Yves Leterme resigns. 
2007 North Lebanon conflict: Fighting resumes at the Nahr el-Bared camp between the Lebanese Army and Fatah al-Islam. 
2007 Summer Special Olympics opens in Shanghai, China. 
2008 Atlantic hurricane season:Tropical Storm Hanna becomes Hurricane Hanna 
2008 SLA Northern offensive: The Sri Lankan Army captures the Tamil Tigers' de facto capital of Kilinochchi. 
2011–2012 Bahraini uprising: Police break up protests in the capital Manama. 
2011-2012 Syrian uprising: Dozens are killed as the Syrian army bombards the city of Homs with artillery fire. 
2011 Iranian protests: Tear gas is fired on anti-government demonstrators during clashes in the capital Tehran. 
2011 Syrian uprising:More than 142 people are killed across the country in a continuing crackdown on protests. 
2012 northern Mali conflict:Islamist rebels in northern Mali seize the central town of Douentza. 
2013 Sequestration: A budget sequestration comes into effect today in the United States Government. 
2014 Gorni Lom explosions:
2014 Guinea Ebola outbreak:The death toll in Guinea rises to 80 with two people dead in neighbouring Liberia. 
2015 Indonesia Hercules C-130 crashThe death toll from yesterday's crash in the Indonesian city of Medan rises to 141. 
21 people are killed and several states declare a state of emergency after torrential rains in Venezuela. 
2 Israelis are wounded in a shooting near Kochav HaShachar in the West Bank. 
4,000 people are evacuated from the Canary Islands due to severe forest fires. 
5 reasons Vladimir Putin will win Russia’s next presidential election in 2018.
6 sailors taken hostage off the coast of Cameroon on September 12 by the Africa Marine Commando are released. 
A 5.9-magnitude earthquake kills at least four people in southwestern China. 
A 6.6 magnitude earthquake hits El Salvador, killing at least 400.
A 7.0-magnitude earthquake strikes south of Japan; no damage is caused. 
A 7.6 magnitude earthquake hits all of El Salvador, killing at least 800 people and leaving thousands homeless.
Abdullah of Jordan sacks the Jordanian government amid protests over prices in the country. 
A boat capsizes near Lamu Island off the Kenyan coast with at least seven people dead. 
A bomb explodes on a Turkish police bus in Istanbul injuring three people. 
A bomb explodes outside of a packed football stadium at the University of Oklahoma, killing one. 
A Buddhist mob torches more than 70 Muslim homes and stabs a 94-year-old woman to death in Rakhine State, Myanmar. 
A ceremony is held at Thiepval, Picardy, in France, to commemorate the 90th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme. 
A chartered Gulfstream III jet crashes into a hillside during approach into Aspen, Colorado, killing 18 people.
A court convicts eleven Atlanta, Georgia teachers as part of a mass cheating scandal. 
A court in Bahrain upholds the jail sentences of nine medics convicted for their role in the country's uprising. 
Adam Air Flight 574 disappears over Indonesia with 102 people on board. 
A federal grand jury indicts New Jersey Senator Bob Menendez on corruption charges. 
A female suicide bomber kills 41 people and injures a further 106 in an attack in the Iraqi capital Baghdad. 
A four-day state of emergency is declared in Mongolia after violent protests following the legislative elections. 
A French court in Angers prepares for a major child sex trial 
A French court orders the release of two suspects in the 1994 Rwandan genocide. 
After originating in Philippines, the ILOVEYOU computer virus, spreads quickly through the world.
A fuel tank truck crashes and explodes in the Saudi Arabian capital Riyadh killing 22 people and injuring 111. 
A Government of Orissa report states 558 houses and 17 places of worship were burnt in the 2008 Orissa violence. 
A group of 30 armed men raid Papua New Guinea's Lae Nadzab Airport holding passengers hostage and ransacking offices. 
Ahmed Shah Massoud, leader of the Afghan Northern Alliance, is assassinated in Afghanistan.
A human case of bird flu is confirmed in China. 
Air France Flight 447 disappears over the Atlantic Ocean, near Brazil. 
Alain Robert scales Tower Two of the Petronas Towers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, using no safety equipment. 
A landslide in India's Manipur state near the border with Myanmar buries a village and kills at least twenty people. 
A large fire breaks out at Universal Studios Hollywood in Los Angeles. There was at least one explosion. 
Albania and Croatia join the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 
Aliso Viejo officially becomes the 34th city in Orange County, California.
All Gabriele D'Annunzio's works becomes of public domain, since it has been 70 years since his death in 1938.
Alliant International University is formed.
All your base are belong to us hits wider Internet with flash/video version, becoming an instant hit.
Almost 25,000 homes remain powerless after part of Northern Ireland's electricity network is knocked out. 
A man is shot and killed at California's Fruitvale BART station by a Bay Area Rapid Transit officer. 
A man kills one soldier and injures another at a military recruitment center in Little Rock, Arkansas. 
A man stabs five people to death in a Shanghai police station. 
American 1950s pop singer Patti Page, best known for the Tennessee Waltz and 
American author Tom Clancy, best known for his military thriller novels, dies at the age of 66. 
American internet cartoon series Homestar Runner makes its first update to its webpage after three years on hiatus. 
American submarine USS Greeneville accidentally strikes and sinks Japanese fishing vessel Ehime-Maru.
Americans working for non-government organisations who had been facing trial in Egypt are allowed to leave. 
America's Cup 2000 retained by Team New Zealand near Auckland. Prada Challenge 2000 lost 0-5 in a "best-of-9".
America's Obama administration warns that BP's oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico could continue until August. 
A Mil Mi-8 helicopter crashes near Munozero 
A mosque in the Israeli village of Tuba-Zangaria is torched. 
A mutiny takes place at the Queen Elizabeth Barracks in Suva, Fiji. Four soldiers are killed.
An ACLU lawsuit challenges gag orders in National Security Letters. 
An aeroplane carrying aid materials for the 2010 Chile earthquake crashes killing at least six people. 
An airstrike launched by the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force 
An apparent murder and suicide leaves four dead in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 
Anastasiya Petryk from Ukraine wins the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2012 with her song Nebo 
Andrea Yates drowns her five children in a bathtub and confesses to her crimes.
An earthquake and the resultant tsunami strike the Solomon Islands, killing at least 15 people. 
An earthquake occurs in Blackpool, Lancashire: a company, Cuadrilla Resources, suspends gas drilling operations. 
An earthquake of magnitude 6.5 strikes in Banggai Islands, Indonesia, killing 54 people.
An earthquake of magnitude 7.3 strikes in Bengkulu, Indonesia, killing 90 people and injuring 2000 more. 
An environmental study finds that 100 million sharks are killed by fishermen each year. 
An EP-3E United States Navy spy plane collides with a Chinese People's Liberation Army fighter jet.
An explosion at an oil storage tank in Gibraltar closes the port and injures workers and cruise ship passengers. 
An explosion on a bus in Dambulla, Sri Lanka kills at least 20 people. 
A nightclub fire in Bangkok, Thailand, kills 61 people and injures more than 200. 
An Iranian passenger jet Tu-154, 
An Italian appeals court overturns Amanda Knox's 26-year sentence for murder and sexual assault. 
Announcement of the discovery of Quaoar, a planetoid object circling the Sun.
Annular solar eclipse
An Ontario, Canada air ambulance crashes killing its two pilots and two paramedics. 
Anti-globalization protests in Prague, at the summit of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank.
A person claiming to be a member of Anonymous takes down the website for Singaporean newspaper The Straits Times. 
A powerful solar flare, later named the Bastille Day event, causes a geomagnetic storm on Earth.
Apple introduce their iTunes digital media player application at the Macworld Expo in San Francisco.
Archaeologists recover six cannons from the ships of Welsh privateer Henry Morgan off the coast of Panama. 
Archbishop Desmond Tutu makes an address at the University of Toronto. 
Argentina, Australia, Luxembourg, Rwanda and South Korea join the UN Security Council. 
A ship carrying 458 people capsizes on Yangtze River in China's Hubei province. So far, just seven have been rescued. 
A shooting kills one and injures six people in Killarney, Calgary, Canada, with police making no arrests. 
A small plane crashes at Mount Airy, North Carolina resulting in the death of six passengers. 
A Soyuz space capsule containing Oleg Kononenko 
Associate Justice David Souter announces he will retire from the United States Supreme Court in June. 
Astronomers measure the size of newly discovered dwarf planet Eris as larger than Pluto with 84% probability. 
A study concludes that clogged arteries around the heart are a risk factor for brain injury from stroke. 
A suicide bomb attack kills 10 people, including two policemen, in the southern province in Helmand in Afghanistan. 
At exactly 01:46:40 UTC, one billion seconds since the Unix epoch  pass and the Unix billenium is reached.
A third fiber-optic submarine communications cable, FALCON, is cut two days after SEA-ME-WE 4 and FLAG were damaged. 
At least 14 people are dead after Typhoon Mirinae hits the Philippines. 
At least 17 people are killed and 45 injured in an attack on two churches in the eastern Kenyan town of Garissa. 
At least 20 people are killed after a fire breaks out on a passenger train in Warangal, Andhra Pradesh, India. 
At least 20 people are killed and 40 are injured in a bomb blast in the city of Kandahar, Afghanistan. 
At least 23 people are killed in Syria. 
At least 27 people are killed when a bus catches fire in Chongqing, southwest China. 
At least 30 people are killed and 250 injured in three suicide bombing attacks on Shia procession in Lahore, Pakistan. 
At least 36 people are killed in a ferry collision off the coast of Hong Kong. 
At least 38 people die as a motorised ferry sinks in Myanmar's Irrawaddy Delta. 
At least 60 people die from a car bomb in a market in Sadr City, a Shiite district of Baghdad. 
At least 60 people were killed and 110 injured by a suicide bombing in the Pakistani city of Lahore. 
At least eight children have died in the past few weeks in Ecuador's Amazon basin after being bitten by rabid bats. 
At least eight people are killed when a Eurocopter AS332 ditches into the North Sea. 
At least five people die and more than 50 are injured in serial bombings in Guwahati, India. 
At least one person is killed and 21 others are injured at a horse race in Nalchik, Kabardino-Balkaria. 
At least six people are killed in a explosion at a coal mine near Baishan, China. 
At least three people are known to have died following a bomb blast in Gori, northern Georgia. 
At least three people die after an explosion in an apartment building in Palencia, Spain. 
At least two civilians are killed and ten more are wounded by a suicide attack on a market in Swat Valley. 
At least two women are killed and six people trapped after a landslide in Los Gigantes, Tenerife. 
A total solar eclipse happened.
A total solar eclipse is visible from northern Canada 
A tour bus hits a bridge at Miami International Airport, USA, killing at least two people and injuring many more. 
Attack submarine ex-Trepang completes being recycled.
A Turkish film wins the Best Documentary award at the Thanet International Film Festival in the United Kingdom. 
A United States drone attack kills six people in northwest Pakistan. 
Australian east coast lowFour people have died in South East Queensland in flood waters triggered by heavy rain. 
Australia's economy shrinks 1.2 per cent in the first quarter due to various disasters. 
Austrian Airlines, Tyrolean Airways and Lauda Air join the Star Alliance.
Authorities evacuate part of Heathrow Airport while they investigate a suspect package. 
A Vladivostokavia Tupolev Tu-154 jetliner crashes on approach to landing at Irkutsk, Russia, killing 145.
A wind storm in Europe kills four people in Austria, two people in Germany, and two people in the Czech Republic. 
Barbara and Jenna Bush prosecuted for under-age drinking after posing as over 21 in a Texas drinking establishment.
Barclays chairman Marcus Agius is to resign following the Libor interest rate scandal. 
Barclays plc chief executive Antony Jenkins says he will waive his bonus for 2012. 
Battle of Mogadishu 
BBC journalists stage another 24-hour strike in protest at planned redundancies. 
Beer brewer Freddy Heineken  died in his home at the age of 78.
Bertrand Delanoë, mayor of Paris, gets stabbed in the abdomen at city hall during the Nuits Blanches event.
Bill de Blasio is sworn in as the 109th Mayor of New York City. 
BMW announces the international recall of hundreds of thousands of luxury cars. 
Boo.com collapses due to lack of funds after six months.
Boomerang is first broadcast on television in the United States.
Boston Marathon bombing:Boston Police state that three more individuals are implicated and arrested. 
Bridgegate scandal:A former aide of Chris Christie accuses the governor of having knowledge of the event. 
British Home Secretary Jacqui Smith issues a terrorism warning ahead of Christmas.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer's musical episode "Once More, with Feeling" was premiered on the UPN network.
California becomes the first U.S. state to forbid "conversion therapy" for minors, effective January 1st, 2013. 
Canada deports Holocaust denier Ernst Zündel to Germany, where he is arrested 
Carol Ann Duffy becomes the United Kingdom's first female Poet Laureate. 
Category 2 Hurricane John makes landfall near the tip of Baja California at around 7 p.m. PDT 
Champion race horse Best Mate suffers a heart attack and dies while racing in front of a live television audience.
Chandra Levy disappears while jogging.
China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations 
ChinaChina's Xinhua launches a global 24-hour English TV news channel. 
China launches the Chang'e 3 lunar probe incorporating a robotic lander and Jade Rabbit rover. 
China's first lunar probe, Chang'e 1, impacts the Moon. 
China's Purchasing Managers Index declines to 50.1 indicating a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy. 
Chinese archaeologists have found a hidden underground chamber within the tomb of Qin Shi Huang. 
Christian Dior S.A. fires fashion designer John Galliano following a series of anti-semitic remarks. 
Citigroup buys out minority shareholders of Japanese brokerage Nikko Cordial for $4.6 billion. 
Clashes in Kenya 
Coheed and Cambria release their first album, The Second Stage Turbine Blade, on Equal Vision Records.
Colectiv nightclub fireThree other victims of the nightclub fire die at hospital, bringing the death toll to 30. 
Colombia evacuates towns near the Nevado del Ruiz volcano over concerns about a possible eruption. 
Colombian conflict:13 FARC members are killed in an airstrike by the Colombian military. 
Columbia Pictures publicly distributed Men in Black II into movie theaters.
Comet ISON breaks up into a cloud of debris after skimming the Sun. 
Compaq Computer Company is finally merged into Hewlett-Packard Corporation.
Computer pioneer Datapoint Corporation files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Confederate submarine H.L. Hunley is raised to the surface after 136 years on the ocean floor.
Conflict in Iraq: 10 U.S. Marines are killed following an insurgent roadside bomb attack in Falluja. 
Croatia beats Italy 2–1 at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Croatia becomes the 28th member of the European Union. 
Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader resigns amidst European Union negotiations standstill and economic crisis. 
Crude oil prices surge past $100 a barrel briefly in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. 
Darfur conflict: The African Union extends the deadline for a peace deal by 48 hours. 
Derek Jeter hits the MLB's first November home run at the World Series.
Diana Nyad successfully completes a swim from Cuba to Florida, the first person to do so without a shark cage. 
Died: Aaliyah, contemporary R&B and pop singer, dies in a plane crash at the age of 22.
Died: L. Sprague de Camp, 92, US science fiction and fantasy author
Died: Miklós Szabó, 91, Hungarian athlete and former world record-holder at 2000 metres and 2 miles.
Died: Roger Peyrefitte, 93, French diplomat and author
Died: Stephanie Lawrence, 50, English musical theatre actress 
Disney California Adventure opens in Anaheim, California.
Doha Round: The World Trade Organization ends a four-day ministerial conference in Doha, Qatar.
Dozens of people are killed by twin bomb blasts inside a Mogadishu mosque. 
Dr. Jack Kevorkian is released from prison after serving 8 years for assisting terminally ill patients with suicide. 
During a set of the band Pearl Jam at the Roskilde Festival near Copenhagen, 9 died and 26 are injured in the crowd.
Early elections in November are announced in the Netherlands. 
Egypt and Israel hold talks in Jerusalem to discuss the planned Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip. 
Eight people are arrested in Greece for allegedly trying to smuggle weapons into Turkey. 
Eight people are injured following an explosion and fire at a factory in Surrey, United Kingdom. 
Eleven World Wrestling Entertainment performers are suspended for suspected illegal steroid abuse.
Eli Reimer, aged sixteen, becomes the first teenager with Down syndrome to climb to Mount Everest's Base Camp. 
End of UK Fuel protests.
Enron files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection five days after Dynegy canceled a US$8.4 billion buyout bid .
Entertainment – Yahoo! Internet Life magazine folds.
Envoys of the Dalai Lama return from Beijing after the ninth round of negotiations. 
Establishment of the Police Service of Northern Ireland
Estonia adopts the Euro, becoming the 17th Eurozone country.
Euro banknotes and coins become legal tender in 12 member states of the European Union.
Euromaidan:Activist Dymtro Bulatov reappears after allegedly being tortured by the government. 
European antitrust authorities block a planned merger between NYSE Euronext and Deutsche Boerse. 
European leaders remember the victims of World War II at ceremonies marking the start of the conflict 70 years ago. 
Eurostar services between Paris and London are delayed by hundreds of migrants trying to board the trains at Calais. 
FBI agent Robert Hanssen is arrested and charged with spying for Russia for 25 years.
FBI arrests suspected purveyor of art forgeries, Ely Sakhai, in New York City.
Feist wins Artist of the Year at the Canadian Juno Awards. 
Felipe Calderón becomes the President of Mexico. 
Fiji is suspended from the Commonwealth of Nations, only the second full suspension in the organization's history. 
Fiji lifts the state of emergency that was imposed during the 2006 Fijian coup d'état. 
Film: Bubble Boy
Film: Osmosis Jones played by Chris Rock, starring Bill Murray
First Apple Store opens in New York City.
First case of anthrax in the US  is announced by federal officials.
First Great Western, First Great Western Link and Wessex Trains combined into the new Greater Western franchise. 
Five thousand people protest in London as the G-20 begins its summit. 
Flames engulf a Mexican state-run Pemex oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico, killing four workers. 
Flash floods and heavy rains sweep across central Texas, United States, killing 2 people. 
Floods kill 24 people in Vietnam including 11 in the central province of Nghệ An. 
Floodwaters in Les Cayes and surrounding areas responsible for the deaths of 8 Haitians recede. 
Following the creation of Ottawa "megacity", the city adopts a new flag.
Football : Real Madrid has defeated Olimpia Paraguay to win the Intercontinental Cup.
Former heavyweight world champion boxer Muhammad Ali visits the birthplace of his great-grandfather in Ennis, Ireland. 
Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is held for questioning over alleged corruption. 
Former President of Mexico Miguel de la Madrid dies of complications of lung disease in Mexico City at the age of 77. 
Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela is discharged from hospital in the capital Pretoria. 
Former United States spy agency contractor Edward Snowden applies for political asylum in Russia. 
Former Vice President of the United States Al Gore and his wife Tipper announce their separation. 
For popular culture, it was the first day of the new millennium and new century.
Four coordinated low intensity bombs explode in the Indian city of Pune. 
Four explosions are reported in Bali at popular tourist areas, killing at least 36 and injuring 103 people. 
Four militants, including two from Lashkar-e-Toiba 
Four people are arrested after an attempted bombing in Manila's Ninoy Aquino International Airport. 
Four people are killed and around 40 injured after a passenger plane explodes in Surgut in eastern Russia. 
Four people are killed in a café shooting in Russia's Dagestan Republic. 
France defeats Croatia to win the Men's World Handball Championship. 
French President Nicolas Sarkozy marries singer and former supermodel Carla Bruni at the Élysée Palace. 
Gay Games open in Sydney, Australia.
General Elections 2006 in Brazil are taking place.
General elections are held in Bosnia and Herzegovina 
General Motors files for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 
George W. Bush gives a stern speech addressing American accounting scandals.
German health officials report 365 new cases of the E. coli outbreak as it continues to spread throughout Europe. 
Girma Wolde-Giorgis succeeds Negasso Gidada as President of Ethiopia.
Glenn Tilton joined United Airlines as President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Global tsunami aid donations exceed USD 2 billion 
Gonorrhoea soars in England. 
Google doubles the storage space of its Gmail service to two gigabytes. 
Google is awarded U.S. Patent 6,285,999, for the PageRank search algorithm used in the Google search engine.
Greece adopts the euro as its currency. 
Greek police shoot tear gas at protesters in Athens during an anti-government march. 
Haiti's bicentennial celebrations erupt in violence. 
Hamas and Islamic Jihad have declared, in principle, their intention to join the Palestine Liberation Organization 
Hans Blix assumes the position of Executive Chairman of UNMOVIC.
Hezbollah members demonstrate their opposition to the Siniora administration in Beirut, Lebanon. 
Hillary Clinton steps down as United States Secretary of State; she is succeeded by Senator John Kerry. 
Hundreds of endangered species from Madagascar are found in a South African airport. 
Hungarian actress Zsa Zsa Gabor is rehospitalised in the United States after becoming unconscious. 
Hungary takes over the presidency of the European Union. 
Hurricane Michelle hits Cuba, destroying crops and thousands of homes.
Illegal immigration from Africa to EuropeA European Union mission rescues more than 5,000 migrants over three days. 
In Australia, a collision between a fishing boat and a runabout on Sydney Harbour kills five people. 
In Bangladesh, 15 suspected radical leaders of Islamic groups are charged with sedition 
In Burundi, a referendum approves the new constitution, which is intended to end 12 years of civil war 
Incorporation of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited & Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited under the Indian Companies Act, 1956.
In Côte d'Ivoire, renewed violence in the west of the country costs at least 41 lives 
India launches its new 2011 biometric census, the largest census in the world. 
Indian cinema actor, director and producer Dev Anand dies of a heart attack in London. 
Indian security forces launch an offensive against the United Liberation Front of Assam. 
India's first lunar mission, Chandrayaan-1, transmits two pictures of the Earth while en route to the Moon. 
India's Supreme Court rejects a plea by Novartis to patent an updated version of its cancer drug, Glivec 
India warns the Dalai Lama not to anger the People's Republic of China. 
Indonesian Mount Sinabung erupts killing 14 people. 
Indonesian police arrest three people in connection with a fire on a ferry last week that killed 27 people. 
Indonesia's Sinabung volcano erupts, displacing more than 19,000 people. 
In Egypt, opposition party al-Wafd 
In India, the first 8.9 km of the Mumbai Monorail is inaugurated. 
Inmates kill two prison guards in a failed Nigerien jailbreak. 
In Mecca, 35 Muslim pilgrims are crushed to death during the annual Hajj pilgrimage.
In Nepal, 10,000 protesters march in Kathmandu against the policies of king Gyanendra and demand return of democracy. 
In New York City, the United Nations Millennium Summit begins with more than 180 world leaders present.
Internal conflict in PeruThe Peruvian Army rescues 15 people from Shining Path guerillas. 
Internet sensation Fred Figglehorn makes his first video on YouTube
In the Gregorian calendar and its followers, it was the first day of the new millennium and the new century.
In thoroughbred racing, Super Saver, ridden by Calvin Borel, wins the 2010 Kentucky Derby. 
Iran agrees to allow inspections of a recently revealed nuclear facility near the city of Qom. 
Iranian Basiji students protest outside the British embassy in Tehran. 
Iran refuses to negotiate with the U.S. over its nuclear program.
Iraq disarmament crisis: Baghdad is bombed by US and UK war planes, killing three people.
Iraqi club Al-Shorta win the 2001–02 Umm Al Ma’arak  Cup by defeating Al-Talaba 1-0 in the final.
Iraq War 
Iraq WarAl-Qaeda in Iraq militants attack the Shiite village of Dwelah in Diyala, killing at least 13 people. 
Iraq War: At least 43 people are killed and 85 injured as a result of two bombings in markets in central Baghdad. 
Iraq War:In Iraq, a spate of suicide bombings 
Islamic insurgency in Algeria 
Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:A car bomb attack in the Nigerian capital Abuja kills at least nine people. 
Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Dozens of people are killed as Boko Haram captures the town of Bama. 
Israeli Foreign Affairs Minister Avigdor Lieberman says that the Annapolis Conference "has no validity." 
Israeli-Palestinian conflict 
Israeli–Palestinian conflict: A Hamas suicide car bomber detonates in the city of Netanya, wounding 50. 
Israeli-Palestinian conflictThe European Union proposes new talks on the Middle East roadmap for peace. 
Israel reveals plans to build 625 more homes in the Palestinian territories, close to East Jerusalem. 
Israel withdraws IDF troops from southern Lebanon after 18 years.
Italy Premier Silvio Berlusconi's government assumed the rotating EU presidency.
It is the first day of the 2000s decade.
It is the last day on the Howard Stern Show for Jackie Martling.
Jamal al-Jamal, a Palestinian ambassador to the Czech Republic, is killed in an explosion near his home in Prague. 
Jamil Abdullah Al-Amin, a former Black Panther, is captured after a gun battle that left a sheriff's deputy dead.
Japan Airlines conducts the first successful test flight of a Boeing 747-300 partly powered by biofuel. 
Japanese police arrest a leading mob figure, Tadashi Irie, third-in-command of the Yamaguchi-gumi. 
Japanese prime minister Obuchi Keizo suffers a stroke and falls into a coma.
John Entwistle plays his last show with The Who. He would die shortly after this performance.
July 2013 Egyptian protests:At least 16 people are killed and over 200 injured in clashes near Cairo University. 
Kazakhstan hosts its first OSCE summit in a decade. 
King Gyanendra of Nepal sacks the government of Sher Bahadur Deuba and takes direct power for himself. 
King Tupou V is crowned as the 23rd Monarch of Tonga. 
Kirill I is officially enthroned as Patriarch of the Russian Orthodox Church. 
Knut's brain swelled significantly before his recent death. 
Late 2000s recession:Consumer spending in the U.S. rose in January after six successive monthly declines. 
Latvia officially adopts the Euro as its currency and becomes the 18th member of the Eurozone. 
Laura Diaz joined rival KCBS-TV after leaving KABC-TV, where she worked for 18 years.
Law goes into effect in Germany legalizing same-sex registered partnerships.
Layne Staley lead singer and co-lyricist of the rock group Alice In Chains found dead in home.
LDU Quito wins the Copa Libertadores 2008 defeating Fluminense in the final after a penalty shootout. 
Lennox Lewis knocks out Mike Tyson in an IBF and WBC championship boxing match in Memphis.
Libyan Civil War 
Likud Party leader Ariel Sharon wins election as Prime Minister of Israel.
Lithuania adopts the euro as its official currency, becoming the 19th member of the Eurozone. 
Local government in England undergoes structural changes. 
LOT Polish Airlines Flight 016 makes a successful emergency landing at Warsaw Chopin Airport. 
Lucent Technologies announced its merger agreement with Alcatel. 
Luxembourg takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union 
Madonna kicks off the MDNA Tour in Tel Aviv, Israel. 
Malaysia begins to round up illegal immigrants after a 4-month amnesty 
Mali:Tuareg rebels seize the town of Gao and the largest military base in Mali amid the ongoing Tuareg Rebellion 
Marcos Pontes, Brazil's first astronaut, reaches the International Space Station. 
Mario Cuomo, former governor of the U.S. state of New York, dies at the age of 82. 
Matt Smith announces he will leave Doctor Who at the end of 2013. 
Mauricio Funes is inaugurated as President of El Salvador. 
Mayor of Melbourne John So announces his resignation. 
Mel Gibson is charged with misdemeanor drunken driving and related offences. 
Mexican Drug WarMexican forces arrest Alberto Carrillo Fuentes, the alleged leader of the Juárez Cartel. 
Mexico wins the FIFA U-17 Men's Championship 2005 in Lima, Peru, beating Brazil 3-0 
Michael Adebolajo is formally charged with the murder of British Army soldier Lee Rigby in the 2013 Woolwich attack. 
Michael Jackson performs his first 30th anniversary  concert in New York City.
Michael Jackson performs his second 30th anniversary  concert in New York.
Microsoft lodged an antitrust complaint against Google with the European Commission. 
Microsoft releases Windows ME.
Miss World pageant held in London's Millennium Dome. Priyanka Chopra wins the title.
Montréal/Dorval International Airport is renamed Montréal/Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport.
More than 40,000 females compete in the Women's Mini Marathon in Dublin, Ireland. 
More than thirty Iraqis are killed and more than fifty are wounded as a bomb goes off at a funeral. 
Mori Yoshiro replaces Keizō Obuchi as prime minister of Japan.
Moro insurgency in the Philippines:12 people are injured by a bomb attack in Mindanao. 
Municipal elections are held in South Africa, to elect members to the local governing councils.
Muriel Degauque is identified as the Belgian suicide bomber who killed herself in Iraq on November 9, 2005. 
Myanmar drug lord and convicted murderer Naw Kham is executed by lethal injection in Kunming, Yunnan Province, China. 
MySpace had its official launch.
NASA's Galileo spacecraft passes within 112 miles of Jupiter's moon Io.
New European Union directive banning tobacco advertising comes into effect 
New laws against age discrimination in the workplace - officially titled the Employment Equality 
News anchor Barbara Walters admits to having affair with US Senator Edward Brooke. 
New South Wales, Australia, declares its flooded Mid North Coast a disaster area. 
Nicotine water is ruled illegal by the Food and Drug Administration.
Nine people are killed in a bus rampage in Tianjin, northern China. 
North Caucasus insurgency:Two police officers are killed in a suicide car bombing in Kizilyurt, Dagestan, Russia. 
North Korea and South Korea will field a united Olympics team at the next Olympic Games. 
North Korea raises the value of its currency for the first time in 17 years. 
North Korea says a South Korean fishing boat it seized "illegally" entered its waters. 
Notorious Macau gangster Broken Tooth Koi is released from prison after serving nearly 15 years. 
Now middle-aged victims of Thalidomide 
Numerous high-profile websites participate in April Fools' Day jokes. 
Officials in Comoros confirm that one passenger from Yemenia Flight 626, a 14-year-old girl, has been found alive. 
Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh is executed at a complex in Terre Haute, Indiana.
One 38-year-old policeman is killed in the Catania football clashes in Italy. 71 people are taken to the hospital.
Organization of African Unity disbanded, African Union created.
Ostankino Tower in Moscow catches fire, three people are killed.
Pakistan and India give each other a list of their nuclear sites. 
Pakistani authorities capture Mullah Obaidullah Akhund, a former Defense Minister of Afghanistan under the Taliban. 
Palace Backpackers Hostel fire in Childers, Queensland, Australia, kills 15 people.
Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip fire four rockets and sixteen mortar shells into Israel's Negev region. 
Penélope Cruz becomes the first Spanish actress to receive a star in the Hollywood Walk of Fame
People take to the streets in Ottawa to celebrate Canada's 143rd birthday. 
Peru's attorney general files homicide charges against ex-President Alberto Fujimori.
Poland takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union for six months. 
Police and protesters battle during May Day demonstrations in Germany, Greece, and Turkey. 
Police arrest 30 alleged animal rights extremists in raids in the United Kingdom, Belgium and the Netherlands. 
Police in Indonesia exchange gunfire with suspected militants near Jakarta, killing six people. 
Police in Portugal announce that they are closing the investigation on the disappearance of Madeleine McCann. 
Police use tear gas and batons on people protesting against their government in Maldives. 
Polish poet Wisława Szymborska, former winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature, dies of lung cancer at 88. 
Pope John Paul II is beatified by Pope Benedict XVI in Saint Peter's Square, Rome. 
Pope John Paul II is taken to a hospital suffering from a serious case of influenza.
Presidential elections in Russia: Vladimir Putin elected President.
President João Bernardo Vieira of Guinea-Bissau is assassinated in Bissau. 
Privately owned newspapers go on sale in Myanmar for the first time since 1964. 
Proclamation by Mayor Martin O'Malley designating February 6, 2002, as "Beverly Lynn Burns Day" in Baltimore, Maryland.
Proposed internet domain .xxx for pornography has been dropped shortly before the domain was set to receive approval. 
Protests break out in Indonesia over fuel price increases 
Public Interest group Harvardwatch released a report on Harken's partnership with Harvard University.
Rafael Nadal of Spain defeats Roger Federer of Switzerland to win the 2009 Australian Open men's singles. 
Ray Guy becomes the first pure punter inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in its 40+ year history. 
Recent celebrity deaths: Charles Sheffield, science fiction author and physicist, dies of brain cancer at age 67
Recent celebrity deaths: Chick Hearn, pro-basketball announcer dies at the age of 85.
Recent celebrity deaths: Rod Steiger, American actor, aged 77.
Recent celebrity deaths: Ted Williams, baseball player, aged 83.
Recreational marijuana stores open in Colorado. 
RIKEN concludes that research suggesting stem cells could be produced through STAP techniques was falsified. 
Rio Tinto Alcan locks out hundreds of workers from a smelter in the Canadian town of Alma, Quebec. 
Road workers in Taizhou, Jiangsu, China discover remains of 700 yr-old mummy. [1]
Robbin Crosby of Ratt dies from a heroin overdose.
Robert French is sworn in as the 12th Chief Justice of Australia. 
Robert Mueller confirmed as the new FBI director.
Romania and Bulgaria join the European Union. 
Royal Dutch Shell breaks the record for the highest ever annual profit for a British company with a total of £13.12bn 
Russian opposition leader barred from running in 2018 election.
Russian police detain 1,200 illegal Vietnamese migrants in raids in Moscow. 
Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke to the president of the U.S. Donald Trump.
Russian President Vladimir Putin's United Russia party wins 62.8% of the votes in Russia's parliamentary elections. 
Russian submarine Kursk sinks in the Barents Sea. All 118 men aboard die.
Russia's Gazprom halts deliveries of natural gas to Ukraine after negotiations over prices fail. 
Russia signs a deal to open a second military base in Kyrgyzstan at a Collective Security Treaty Organisation summit. 
Samoa announces the pardon of 35 prisoners to celebrate the 50th anniversary of its independence from New Zealand. 
Sarah Palin and Joe Biden have their only scheduled debate for the vice presidency of the United States. 
Saudi Aramco is ranked by Forbes as the first among the world's 25 largest oil companies. 
Scientists discover three new species of marsupial Antechinus in Queensland, Australia. 
Screamin' Jay Hawkins, Tom Landry, Charles M. Schulz, and Oliver die, of unrelated causes.
Second and last day of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints  177th Annual General Conference
Second Libyan Civil War 
Section 28, a law preventing the promotion of homosexuality is repealed by the Scottish Parliament.
Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina enters the race for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination. 
Serbia is admitted to the United Nations as the 190th member
Serbian presidential election, 2008: Boris Tadić is reelected President of Serbia. 
Several events are held to celebrate the 125th anniversary of the Gaelic Athletic Association. 
Several members of the Nepalese royal family are killed in the Nepalese royal massacre
Shanghai Cooperation Organization to mark 10th anniversary in Astana, Kazakhstan. 
Shenzhou 2, an unmanned Chinese spacecraft, was launched.
Sinai insurgency:Eleven Egyptian Army soldiers are killed in a roadside bomb attack in the Sinai Peninsula. 
Singapore Airlines joins the Star Alliance.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams remains in custody in connection with the IRA murder of Jean McConville. 
Six Uyghurs detained at Guantanamo Bay detention camp are released by the United States and resettled in Palau. 
Sky 3D, the first dedicated 3D TV channel in Europe, launches in the UK. 
Slovakia adopts the euro and becomes the 16th member of the Eurozone. 
Slovenia adopts the euro, replacing the tolar and becoming the second enlargement to the eurozone. 
Somali civil warSomali al-Shabaab militants attack an army base on the outskirts of Baidoa, killing seven soldiers. 
Sony blames recent malfunctions of older PS3 "fat" models on an internal clock glitch. 
South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation, composed of foreign ministers from seven south Asian countries 
Southern Sudan's Sudan People's Liberation Movement 
South Sudan is to send more troops and police to Pibor, the scene of ethnic violence. 
Space Shuttle mission STS-109 is launched at 6:22 a.m.
Spain approves plans to deploy 1,100 troops to Lebanon as part of a UN peacekeeping force. 
Spain takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union from Sweden. 
Starbucks announces that it will close 600 underperforming coffee shops in the United States. 
Stock market downturn of 2002: The Nikkei stock average falls 3.2% to 9,217.04, an 18-year low.
Sudan agrees to demilitarize its border with South Sudan. 
Susan Sarandon opens cheese speciality shop in Paris, France.
Sweden disestablishes the Church of Sweden as the official state religion.
Sweden shuts down the Barsebäck 2 nuclear reactor. 
Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt assumes the rotating presidency over the European Union. 
Swissair seeks for bankruptcy protection and grounds its entire fleet.
Switzerland accidentally invades Liechtenstein after 171 infantrymen get lost and cross the Liechtenstein border. 
Switzerland Named World’s Most Positive Country For 2015. 
Symbionese Liberation Army member Kathleen Soliah  withdraws her previous guilty plea.
Syrian Civil War 
Syrian civil war:At least 45 people 
Syrian Civil WarISIL releases an Internet video showing the beheading of American journalist Steven Sotloff. 
Syrian civil war:Lebanese gunmen kidnap eight Syrians from the Alawites minority and demand a hostage exchange. 
Syrian Civil War: Syrian government forces shell areas of eastern Damascus - a stronghold of rebel forces. 
Syrian Civil War:Talks in Geneva end. 
Syrian civil war:The Arab League discusses the ongoing crisis in Syria at a closed-door meeting in Cairo. 
Syrian uprising: The United Nations says both government and opposition forces have violated the ceasefire. 
Syria:Syrian rebels leave the neighborhood of Bab Amr, Homs following a bloody 26 day bombardment. 
Szeged's universities are unified into a single institution called the University of Szeged.
Tarja Halonen is elected the first Finnish female president.
Technology – A US federal judge decided that Microsoft is not required to reveal its lobbying contacts.
Telangana officially becomes the 29th state of India. 
Ten French tourists are kidnapped in northern Ethiopia. 
TerreStar-1, the largest commercial telecommunication satellite ever built, is successfully launched. 
The 16th World Economic Forum on Africa is convened in Cape Town, South Africa..
The 2000 Summer Olympics are opened in Sydney, Australia.
The 2000 Summer Olympics close in Sydney, Australia.
The 2000 United States Census is conducted.
The 2008 Zimbabwean cholera outbreak has claimed 425 lives and affected 10,000 people since August 2008. 
The 72-year-old American soap opera Guiding Light will broadcast its final episode on September 18. 
The Angolan Civil War ends after 26 years of fighting since Angolan independence in 1975.
The appeal hearing in the Russian band Pussy Riot's case is delayed after one member of the group fired their lawyer. 
The Association of South East Asian Nations 
The Australian Army ends its combat role in Iraq, as about 500 troops withdraw from Nasiriyah. 
The Basque Nationalist Party wins a plurality of seats in Spain's Basque Country's parliamentary elections. 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Sensex lost 615 points in a single day becoming the third biggest such crash in its history.
The Bush Administration acknowledges the implementation of the Continuity of Operations Plan for the first time.
The Central Bank of Nicaragua introduces new 100 and 200 Córdoba banknotes. 
The closing ceremony of the XVII Commonwealth Games which had started on July 25.
The Colombian leftist group FARC releases its last remaining police and military captives. 
The comic strip Bringing Up Father ends its 87-year run in newspapers.
The Concert for Diana occurs at the new Wembley Stadium on what would have been Princess Diana's 46th birthday. 
The Constitution of Finland is rewritten.
The controversial spiritual guru Asaram Bapu is arrested on a rape charge filed by a teenage girl in northwest India. 
The cross country cycling organization "LOCO" was founded in Shreveport / Bossier City.
The death toll from the tornados that hit Oklahoma City on May 31 rises to nine. 
The discovery of two additional moons of Pluto is announced. 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 hit record highs. 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average reaches a four-year high due to strong manufacturing figures and company earnings. 
The Episcopal Church in the United States adopts its liturgy for same sex marriages. 
The Eurasian Economic Union between Russia, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Kyrgyzstan and Armenia comes into effect 
The Federal Trade Commission approved the merger of AOL and Time Warner to form AOL Time Warner.
The final original Peanuts comic strip is published.
The First ever episode of The Sarah Jane Adventures called Invasion of the Bane was aired
The first-ever outbreak of chikungunya in the Caribbean reaches epidemic levels. 
The first legal same-sex marriage in the Netherlands is celebrated.
The first resident crew enters the International Space Station.
The first series of Big Brother UK starts.
The Government of France has banned the smoking of cigarettes in every second-hand smoke area. 
The government of Venezuela expels three United States diplomats after accusing them of "economic sabotage". 
The Hayman Fire begins, the largest of the Colorado wildfires.
The HSBC bank announces plans to cut 5,000 jobs now and 25,000 by 2013. 
The Ilamatepec volcano erupts in a coffee-growing area 40 miles 
The Indonesian government raises fuel prices by more than 100%, resulting in petrol prices of 4,500 rupiah 
The Iranian Navy test-fires a surface-to-air missile. 
The Japanese yen and the Chinese yuan begin direct trading.
The Japan Meteorological Agency warns that Honshū Island's Mount Asama could erupt within the next two days. 
The jury in the first phase of the trial of Zacarias Moussaoui has decided that he is eligible for the death penalty. 
The last wholly Swedish-owned arms manufacturer, Bofors, is sold to American arms manufacturer United Defense.
The Limburg, a French oil tanker, explodes off the coast of Yemen, in a terrorist attack.
The Lowry theatre and gallery centre in Salford, England is officially open by the Queen Elizabeth II.
The man who attacked the Netherlands' Royal Family on Queen's Day dies. 
The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta refuses to release British hostage Matthew Maguire. 
The movies Impostor, Eisenstein, Black Hawk Down, and Gosford Park are released in the U.S.
The NASDAQ Composite Index reaches an all-time high of 5132.52. 
The Oakland Athletics baseball team won their 20th consecutive game, an American League record.
The Obama Administration targets overseas cyber attackers with a sanctions program. 
The opening ceremony of the 2002 Winter Olympic Games, which are held in Salt Lake City.
The opposition in Guinea reject a call by the ruling junta to create a unity government. 
The Organization of American States gives Honduras three days to restore its deposed president, Manuel Zelaya. 
The Pakistani Army kills approximately 60 Taliban militants during Operation Black Thunder. 
The Palestine Authority signs a treaty to join and participate in the International Criminal Court. 
The Palestinian Authority arrests 250 members of Hamas following the shooting of four Israeli settlers at Beit Hagai. 
The Palestinian factional violence flares up again. 
The parent company of American Airlines says that it will slash 13,000 jobs or 15% of its workforce. 
The People's Republic of China begins its first census in ten years. 
The People's Republic of China is granted permanent normal trade status with the United States.
The piece Longplayer begins. It will last 1000 years, finishing on December 31, 2999.
The Pittsburgh Steelers defeat the Arizona Cardinals 27-23 to win Super Bowl XLIII. 
The popular Bratz, rival to the Barbie doll, debuts.
The Portuguese frigate Corte-Real confiscates explosives from Somali pirates during an attempted hijacking. 
The President of Armenia Robert Kocharyan declares a state of emergency following anti-government protests in Yerevan. 
The President of the United States, Barack Obama, makes Fort Monroe in Hampton, Virginia, a National Monument. 
The Qingzang railway is formally opened in the by Chinese President Hu Jintao. 
The racehorse Bayern wins the 2014 running of the Breeders' Cup Classic.
The racehorse Mine That Bird wins the 135th Kentucky Derby. 
There are reports of the discovery of a possible new type of subatomic particle, a pentaquark. 
There are reports that the Poincaré conjecture may have been solved by Martin Dunwoody.
The rebel Kurdistan Workers' Party 
The remains of Australian bushranger Ned Kelly are found in the former HM Prison Pentridge in Melbourne, Victoria. 
The remains of Jane Deasy are positively identified in the bodies recovered from Air France Flight 447. 
The Reserve Bank of Australia cuts interest rates by 100 basis points to 4.25%. 
The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia 
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles settles 45 lawsuits alleging sexual abuse by priests for $60 million. 
The Russian gas company Gazprom suspends shipments of gas to Ukraine following a payment dispute. 
The Serious Organised Crime Agency, dubbed the 'British FBI', is launched in the United Kingdom. 
The Social Democratic Party of Austria has won today's election in Austria. 
The social network Facebook files for an initial public offering. 
The speech by Japanese Emperor Hirohito announcing the unconditional surrender of Japan is released in digital form. 
The SpongeBob SquarePants You Wish" TV special airs on Nickelodeon.
The Sri Lankan Army captures territory near Mannar from the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam 
The Sri Lankan Army kills 91 people and injures 87 others at a hospital inside a civilian safe zone. 
The super-sonic commercial aircraft Concorde resumes flying after a 15-month break.
The Swedish Mint 
The Swedish national postal service will merge with its Danish counterpart, the new group will be based in Stockholm. 
The Taliban kidnaps approximately 400 people in North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan. 
The Taliban stages offensives in two provinces of Afghanistan, killing six people. 
The Taliban threaten to escalate attacks in Afghanistan after a year of record violence. 
The Tate Modern opens in London.
The trial of 30 protesters in Iran who demonstrated in protests after the disputed presidential election begins. 
The Turkish army kills seven PKK rebels who crossed the border from Syria. 
The Turkish currency is revalued at a rate of 1,000,000 "old" lira for 1 New Turkish Lira. 
The UK assumes the rotating presidency of the European Union amidst its funding crisis. 
The UK Snooker Championship is won by John Higgins.
The unemployment rate across the Eurozone reaches a ten-year high of 9.5%. 
The Union of French Jewish Employers and Professionals 
The United Nations launches a food assistance program to assist Iraqi refugees in Syria. 
The United Nations orders Israel to stop evicting Palestinians from East Jerusalem. 
The United Nations Security Council passed a UNSC resolution 
The United States Air Force grounds all T-38C training aircraft following two fatal accidents within 8 days. 
The United States and Russia begin Strategic Arms Limitation Talks. 
The United States and South Korea reach an agreement on bilateral free trade, concluding ten months of negotiations. 
The United States calls on China to provide a full account of the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests.
The United States Department of Labor announces that the United States unemployment rate rose to 5.8% in December.
The United States, Israel, and Canada will boycott the Durban Review Conference. 
The U.S. military hands control of Al Anbar Governorate over to the Iraqi government. 
The U.S. states of Minnesota and Rhode Island begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. 
The water parasite Cryptosporidium was discovered in drinking water as a result of the 2002 Glasgow floods.
The website Rotten Tomatoes is officially launched on a full-time basis.
The World Bank agrees to fund a controversial hydroelectric dam project in Laos. 
The World Bank urges the People's Republic of China to undertake financial reforms to keep economic growth on track. 
The world's first self-contained artificial heart is implanted in Robert Pools.
The World Wrestling Federation  for an estimated $7 million.
The wreck of the British warship HMS Victory is discovered in the English Channel. 
The Xbox Music Mixer was released.
The Xinhua news agency reports that 25 Chinese workers held captive in the Sinai region of Egypt have been released. 
The Yonhap News Agency reports that North Korea is tightening border controls with South Korea to stop defections. 
Thirteen people are killed and 14 others injured in a bus crash in Anzoátegui, Venezuela. 
Thirteen U.S. coal miners are trapped after an underground explosion in Upshur County, West Virginia. 
This leap day is the last in a turn-of-the-century leap year until February 29, 2400.
Thousands of people protest in Tirana, demanding a recount of votes from last June's parliamentary elections. 
Thousands of South African public sector workers go on strike for a 12% pay raise for the second Friday in a row. 
Three executives of Allied Irish Banks resign. 
Three explosions are reported in the Yemeni capital Sanaa along with heavy gunfire. 
Three people are killed in apartment building explosion in Manila, Philippines. 
T-Mobile US debuts on the New York Stock Exchange with the ticker symbol TMUS. 
Today is the Islamic festival of Eid ul-Fitr, marking the end of Ramadan for Muslims worldwide.
Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman announced that they had separated.
Tony Blair's Labour Party elected for second term in UK general election.
Tuanku Syed Sirajuddin, Raja of Perlis becomes the 12th Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia
TV series: Oswald
Twentieth Century Fox's anti-terrorist drama action show 24  premieres.
Two bombings in quick succession hit a Russian police convoy in the town of Khasavyurt in the Republic of Dagestan. 
Two drone strikes kill at least seven suspected al-Qaeda militants in the Abyan Governorate of Yemen. 
Two IDF soldiers and at least 50 Palestinians are killed during an Israeli military operation in the Gaza Strip. 
Two small planes collide during an air show in Radom, Poland resulting in the deaths of both pilots 
Two suspected militants and a policeman are shot dead during a gun battle in Tral, Jammu and Kashmir. 
Two United States Marine Corps F-18 fighters make a precautionary landing at Taiwan's Tainan Air Force Base. 
Two villagers and 10 Naxalites are killed in firing between a group of criminals and Maoists in Munger, India. 
Two walls collapse at the ancient Roman city of Pompeii during heavy rains, the third such incident in a month. 
Typhoon Talim passes over Taiwan, killing at least one person and injuring 24. 
UEFA Euro 2000France beat Italy 2–1 in extra time with a golden goal at the final of the UEFA Euro 2000.
Ukraine will hold a presidential election on October 25. 
Ukrainian journalist Georgiy Gongadze is last seen alive; this day is taken as the commemoration date of his death.
Unemployment in the Euro zone rises to 10.7 per cent, the highest level in its history. 
Unemployment in the United States rises to 5.7 per cent, its highest rate in more than four years. 
Unidentified gunmen kill at least 20 police officers in an ambush in northwest Kenya. 
United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon arrives in Cyprus to begin talks aimed at reuniting the country. 
US Diplomat John Granville, working for the United States Agency for International Development in Sudan, is murdered. 
U.S. officials announce they have custody of Ibn al-Shaykh al-Libi.
US President George W. Bush announces his support for federal funding of limited research on embryonic stem cells.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton presses China to back Iran sanctions for its nuclear program. 
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor announces her retirement after 24 years of service on the Court. 
Venezuela introduces the new Bolívar fuerte currency 
Venezuela orders 34 private radio stations to be closed. 
Vicente Fox takes office as President of Mexico.
Vietnam's capital Hanoi absorbs the neighboring province of Hà Tây, tripling its area and doubling its population. 
Vladimir Putin wins the election no matter who the next president is.
Voters in Burma go to the polls for by-elections for 45 seats, with Aung San Suu Kyi claiming victory in one election. 
Voters in the Bolivian departments of Beni and Pando go to the polls for autonomy referendums. 
War in Afghanistan : The United States invades Afghanistan, with participation from other nations.
War in Chad 
War in North-West Pakistan:A U.S. drone strike kills Hakimullah Mehsud, the leader of the Pakistani Taliban 
Widespread flooding throughout England and Wales after days of heavy rain.
Wikipedia, a Wiki free content encyclopedia, goes online.
World leaders attend the Millennium Summit at the United Nations Headquarters .
World stock markets[which?] hit their lowest level in 2012. 
World Wrestling Federation is renamed to World Wrestling Entertainment due to trademark issues with World Wildlife Fund
Year 2000 problemY2K passes without the serious, widespread computer failures and malfunctions that had been predicted.
Yellow fever kills 32 people and sickens at least 50 more in the Darfur region of Sudan. 
