11 people are killed after a Russian military cargo plane belonging to the Interior Ministry crashes in Yakutia.
11 people died when the Russian Army freight car belongs to the Ministry of Crisis of Yakutia.
16. World Economic Forum Africa convenes in Cape Town, South Africa ..
2000 problemY2K succeeds without serious, widespread computer failures and malfunctions that were ahead of ... said.
2000 Taiwanese presidential electionChen Shui-bian is elected President of the Republic of China.
2000 Taiwan President's electionChen Shui-bian is elected President of the Republic of China.
2002 US Open: Serena Williams defeats Venus Williams.
2002 US Open: Serena Williams wins Venus Williams.
2006 Israel-Lebanon conflictThe Battle of Ayta al-Sha`b rages, with multiple Israeli casualties.
2006 Israel-Lebanon conflictThe struggle of Ayta al-Sha`b he is angry, and many of Israel's malevolence.
2007 Belgian government formationFormateur Yves Leterme resigns.
2007 North Lebanon conflict: Fighting Continue " " at Nahr el-Bared's Camp Between Lebanon's Army and Fatah al-Islam.
2007 North Lebanon conflict: Fighting resumes at the Nahr el-Bared camp between the Lebanese Army and Fatah al-Islam.
2007 Summer Special Olympics malfermi "ss  ...  ..." anhajo,  "China.
2007 Summer Special Olympics opens in Shanghai, China.
2007 The Belgian government formationFormateur Yves Leterme resigns.
2008 Atlantic hurricane season:Tropical Storm Hanna becomes Hurricane Hanna
2008 SLA Northern offensive: The Sri Lankan Army captures the Tamil Tigers' de facto capital of Kilinochchi.
2008 SLA North Offensive: The Sri Lankan Army Captured the Tactics of the Taliban de facto "the oldest city of Kilinochchi.
2008 Zimbabwe ",   olerepidemio required 425 lives and Tua is 10000 people Since AA ... flavor 2008.
2011-2012 Syrian uprising: Dozens are killed as the Syrian army bombards the city of Homs with artillery fire.
2011-2012 Syrian uprising, dozens killed When the Syrian army bombs the city of Homs with a gunshot.
2011 Iranian protests: tear gas fired back ... government protesters during clashes in the capital of Tehran.
2011 Iranian protests: Tear gas is fired on anti-government demonstrators during clashes in the capital Tehran.
2011 Syrian uprising:More than 142 people are killed across the country in a continuing crackdown on protests.
2011 Syria's uprising: More than 142 people have died across the country to da ... the suppression of protests.
2012 northern Mali conflict:Islamist rebels in northern Mali seize the central town of Douentza.
2012 North Mali Conflict: The Islamic Rebels in northern Mali grab the center of Douentza.
2013 Binding A Bua buying bonding will take effect hodia ... in the United States government.
2013 Sequestration: A budget sequestration comes into effect today in the United States Government.
2014 Gorni Lom explosions:
2014 Gorni Lom Recipes:
2014 Guinea Ebola outbreak:The death toll in Guinea rises to 80 with two people dead in neighbouring Liberia.
2014 Guinea Ebola Outbreak: The number of dead Guinea rises to 80 two people killed in neighboring Liberia.
2015 Indonesia Hercules C-130 crashThe death toll from yesterday's crash in the Indonesian city of Medan rises to 141.
2015 Indonesia If   rcules C-130 crashThe dead at the head of the ... an accident in the Indonesian city Medan will rise 141.
21 people are killed and several states declare a state of emergency after torrential rains in Venezuela.
21 people died and several A- ... states declared the emergency after heavy rainfall in Venezuela.
28 , Lea O to prevent homosexuality being canceled by the Scottish Parliament.
2 Israeli people were injured shooting near Kochav HaShachar at Lnemaa.
2 Israelis are wounded in a shooting near Kochav HaShachar in the West Bank.
4,000 people are evacuated from the Canary Islands due to severe forest fires.
4000 people evacuated from the Canary Islands seriously forests.
5.9 Richter earthquake killed at least four people in Southwest China.
6,6 Richter earthquake hits El Salvador, killing at least 400 people.
6 sailors taken hostage off the coast of Cameroon on September 12 by the Africa Marine Commando are released.
6 sailors taken to buy from the coast of Cameroon on September 12, the African Marine Commando will be released.
7.0 Richter earthquake hits south Japan;
72-jara "The US Soap Opera Guiding Light air final episode on September 18.
7.6 Richter earthquake strikes "in some El Salvador, killing at least 800 people and leaving thousands homeless.
A 5.9-magnitude earthquake kills at least four people in southwestern China.
A 6.6 magnitude earthquake hits El Salvador, killing at least 400.
A 7.0-magnitude earthquake strikes south of Japan; no damage is caused.
A 7.6 magnitude earthquake hits all of El Salvador, killing at least 800 people and leaving thousands homeless.
AA ... Australian Army stopped fighting in Iraq because of "  ," irka ... 500 soldiers retired in I Nasiriyah.
AA ... Australian coast lowFour people died in southeast Queensland flood waters DEA   "embedded in heavy rain.
AA ... Australia's economy ... bullfrog 1.2 percent in the first quarter due to various catastrophes.
AA ... authorities are evacuating part of Heathrow airport when they investigate the defeat Pakaa "o.
A A "goes to the bus hit the bridge of   and Miami International Airport, the United States, killing at least two people and injuring a lot more.
AA ... In Australia, the affiliation of FIA caught the boat and the Runabout Sydney port died five people.
Abdullah Jordanian takes the Jordanian government in the middle of protests in the country.
Abdullah of Jordan sacks the Jordanian government amid protests over prices in the country.
A boat capsizes near Lamu Island off the Kenyan coast with at least seven people dead.
A bomb explodes on a Turkish police bus in Istanbul injuring three people.
A bomb explodes outside of a packed football stadium at the University of Oklahoma, killing one.
A Buddhist mob torches more than 70 Muslim homes and stabs a 94-year-old woman to death in Rakhine State, Myanmar.
According to Southeast Asian countries
A ceremony is held at Thiepval, Picardy, in France, to commemorate the 90th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme.
A chartered Gulfstream III jet crashes into a hillside during approach into Aspen, Colorado, killing 18 people.
A controversial spiritual guru, Asaram Bapu, has been held in rape by Charge's archive of a teenage daughter in North West India.
A court convicts eleven Atlanta, Georgia teachers as part of a mass cheating scandal.
A court in Bahrain upholds the jail sentences of nine medics convicted for their role in the country's uprising.
A crash on a bus in Dambulla, Sri Lanka by killing at least 20 people.
Adam Air Flight 574 disappears over Indonesia with 102 people on board.
Adam Air's flight 574 passes in Indonesia to 102 people Shura Ipe.
AE   Just 01:46:40 UTC, BILLION SECONDS Since Unix time passes and Unix billenium are reached.
A federal grand jury indicts New Jersey Senator Bob Menendez on corruption charges.
A female suicide bomber kills 41 people and injures a further 106 in an attack in the Iraqi capital Baghdad.
Afghan War: The United States is attacking Afghanistan, involving other peoples.
A four-day state of emergency is declared in Mongolia after violent protests following the legislative elections.
A French court in Angers prepares for a major child sex trial
A French court orders the release of two suspects in the 1994 Rwandan genocide.
After a while in the Philippines ILOVEYOU computer virus, disvasti "so quickly the world.
After originating in Philippines, the ILOVEYOU computer virus, spreads quickly through the world.
After the creation of Ottawa's "megaciudad", the city welcomed a new flag.
A fuel tank truck crashes and explodes in the Saudi Arabian capital Riyadh killing 22 people and injuring 111.
A Government of Orissa report states 558 houses and 17 places of worship were burnt in the 2008 Orissa violence.
A group of 30 armed men raid Papua New Guinea is Lae Nadzab Airport holding pasa items to buy and ransacking offices.
A group of 30 armed men raid Papua New Guinea's Lae Nadzab Airport holding passengers hostage and ransacking offices.
Ahmed Shah Massoud, a member of the Northern Alliance of Afghanistan, has been killed in Afghanistan.
Ahmed Shah Massoud, leader of the Afghan Northern Alliance, is assassinated in Afghanistan.
A human case of bird flu is confirmed in China.
Aielo 3D, the first dedi   digital 3D TV channel in Europe, "I"   as in the United Kingdom.
Ainu Archaeologists found a hidden Digital Underground Room within the Tomb of Qin Shi Huang.
Air France flight 447 disappeared over the Atlantic Ocean in Brazil.
Air France Flight 447 disappears over the Atlantic Ocean, near Brazil.
Alain Robert scales Tower Two of the Petronas Towers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, using no safety equipment.
Alain Robert Scales Tower Two Petronas Towers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, at any of the security teams.
A landslide in India's Manipur state near the border with Myanmar buries a village and kills at least twenty people.
A large fire breaks out at Universal Studios Hollywood in Los Angeles. There was at least one explosion.
Albania and Croatia join the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
Aliso Viejo officially becomes the 34th city in Orange County, California.
Aliso Viejo officially IA as the 34th city of Orange County, California.
All Gabriele D'Annunzio's works becomes of public domain, since it has been 70 years since his death in 1938.
All in all, the solar eclipse occurred.
All your base are belong to us hits wider Internet with flash/video version, becoming an instant hit.
Almost 25,000 homes remain powerless after part of Northern Ireland's electricity network is knocked out.
Although a group of Pearl Jam's "Roskilde" festival near Kpenhamina, 9 were killed and 26 wounded in the crowd.
Always the first moon probe, Chang'e 1, affects Moon.
A man in your favor in the Netherlands Rea's Family Rea's women's day dies.
A man is shot and killed at California's Fruitvale BART station by a Bay Area Rapid Transit officer.
A man kills one soldier and injures another at a military recruitment center in Little Rock, Arkansas.
A man stabs five people to death in a Shanghai police station.
America Cup 2000 will keep Team New Zealand close to Auckland.
American 1950s pop singer Patti Page, best known for the Tennessee Waltz and
American author Tom Clancy, best known for his military thriller novels, dies at the age of 66.
American internet cartoon series Homestar Runner makes its first update to its webpage after three years on hiatus.
Americans working for non-government organisations who had been facing trial in Egypt are allowed to leave.
American writer Tom Clancy, best known for his military thriller novels, dies at AA 66.
America's Cup 2000 retained by Team New Zealand near Auckland. Prada Challenge 2000 lost 0-5 in a "best-of-9".
America's Obama administration warns that BP's oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico could continue until August.
Ameri ... Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is pressed "China supports Iran's sanctions for its nuclear program.
A Mil Mi-8 helicopter crashes near Munozero
A mosque in the Israeli village of Tuba-Zangaria is torched.
A mutiny takes place at the Queen Elizabeth Barracks in Suva, Fiji. Four soldiers are killed.
An ACLU lawsuit challenges gag orders in National Security Letters.
An aeroplane carrying aid materials for the 2010 Chile earthquake crashes killing at least six people.
An airstrike launched by the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force
An apparent murder and suicide leaves four dead in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Anastasiya Petryk from Ukraine wins the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2012 with her song Nebo
Anastasiya Petryk of Ukraine to win the festival Eurovision',n Junior 2012 in her song Nebo
Andrea Yates drowns five kids bath and confesses to her crimes.
Andrea Yates drowns her five children in a bathtub and confesses to her crimes.
And some of the base are covered by our leadership in the extensive Internet flash / video version, Becoming a success story.
An earthquake and the resultant tsunami strike the Solomon Islands, killing at least 15 people.
An earthquake occurs in Blackpool, Lancashire: a company, Cuadrilla Resources, suspends gas drilling operations.
An earthquake of magnitude 6.5 strikes in Banggai Islands, Indonesia, killing 54 people.
An earthquake of magnitude 7.3 strikes in Bengkulu, Indonesia, killing 90 people and injuring 2000 more.
An environmental study finds that 100 million sharks are killed by fishermen each year.
An EP-3E United States Navy spy plane collides with a Chinese People's Liberation Army fighter jet.
A new constitution adopted in Burundi, approved by the People's Assembly, with the aim of ending a 12-year-long suicide war
An explosion at an oil storage tank in Gibraltar closes the port and injures workers and cruise ship passengers.
An explosion on a bus in Dambulla, Sri Lanka kills at least 20 people.
Angola's interior dictatorship as of 26 years after the Battle of Angola in 1975.
A nightclub fire in Bangkok, Thailand, kills 61 people and injures more than 200.
An Indian film actor, director and producer Dev Anand dies of a heart attack in London.
An Iranian passenger jet Tu-154,
An Italian appeals court overturns Amanda Knox's 26-year sentence for murder and sexual assault.
 ...  ... "anjaja co-operation for a significant 10 years in Astana Kazaa ,   something.
Announcement of the discovery of Quaoar, a planetoid object circling the Sun.
Announcing the object of Quaoar, a planetoid's object circling the sun
Annular solar eclipse
An Ontario, Canada air ambulance crashes killing its two pilots and two paramedics.
Another Libyan sisal war
Anti-globalization protests in Prague, at the summit of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank.
A person claiming to be a member of Anonymous takes down the website for Singaporean newspaper The Straits Times.
A powerful solar flare, later named the Bastille Day event, causes a geomagnetic storm on Earth.
Apple Introduces iTunes Digital Media Player Application at Macworld Expo in San Francisco.
Apple introduce their iTunes digital media player application at the Macworld Expo in San Francisco.
A private newspaper for sale in Myanmar for the first time since 1964.
Archaeologists recover six cannons from the ships of Welsh privateer Henry Morgan off the coast of Panama.
Archaeologists Restore Six Weapons  ... ipoj Welsh Privateer Henry Morgan   "and on the coast of Panama.
"Archbishop Desmond Tutu does not care" at the University of Toronto.
Archbishop Desmond Tutu makes an address at the University of Toronto.
Argentina, AA ... Australia, Luxembourg, Rwanda and South Korea Second in the UN Security Council.
Argentina, Australia, Luxembourg, Rwanda and South Korea join the UN Security Council.
Arquidi'  , " s Los Angeles resigned to settle 45 lawsuits for the sexual adoption of priests to $ 60 million.
As a rebel tower in Moscow will light up, three people will die.
A seriously organized crime agency called the "British FBI", is a woolen   Digital in the United Kingdom.
A ship carrying 458 people capsizes on Yangtze River in China's Hubei province. So far, just seven have been rescued.
A shooting kills one and injures six people in Killarney, Calgary, Canada, with police making no arrests.
A small plane crashes at Mount Airy, North Carolina resulting in the death of six passengers.
A Soyuz space capsule containing Oleg Kononenko
Associate Justice David Souter announces he will retire from the United States Supreme Court in June.
Associate Justice David Souter announces his retirement in the US Supreme Court in June.
Astronomers measure the size of newly discovered dwarf planet Eris as larger than Pluto with 84% probability.
A study concludes that clogged arteries around the heart are a risk factor for brain injury from stroke.
A suicide bomb attack kills 10 people, including two policemen, in the southern province in Helmand in Afghanistan.
At exactly 01:46:40 UTC, one billion seconds since the Unix epoch  pass and the Unix billenium is reached.
A third fiber-optic submarine communications cable, FALCON, is cut two days after SEA-ME-WE 4 and FLAG were damaged.
At least 14 people are dead after Typhoon Mirinae hits the Philippines.
At least 14 people died when Typhoon Mirinae hit the Philippines.
At least 17 people are killed and 45 injured in an attack on two churches in the eastern Kenyan town of Garissa.
At least 17 people died and 45 were injured in the invasion of two church sites in the east of Kenya's city of Garissa.
At least 20 people are killed after a fire breaks out on a passenger train in Warangal, Andhra Pradesh, India.
At least 20 people are killed and 40 are injured in a bomb blast in the city of Kandahar, Afghanistan.
At least 20 people die after a fire crashes over the pasa  element train of Warangal, Andhra Prade ... o, India.
At least 20 people died and 40 were injured in a bomb explosion in the city of Kandahar, Afghanistan.
At least 23 people are killed in Syria.
At least 23 people died in Syria.
At least 27 people are killed when a bus catches fire in Chongqing, southwest China.
At least 27 people died when the bus came on fire in Chongqing, southwestern China.
At least 30 people are killed and 250 injured in three suicide bombing attacks on Shia procession in Lahore, Pakistan.
At least 30 people died and 250 were injured in three suicide attacks at the Shia Procession in Lahore, Pakistan.
At least 36 people are killed in a ferry collision off the coast of Hong Kong.
At least 36 people died at the Collision Coast in Hong Kong.
At least 38 people die as a motorised ferry sinks in Myanmar's Irrawaddy Delta.
At least 38 people died of a motorized ferry from Vajoaa in Myanmar, Irrawaddy Delta.
At least 60 people died and 110 were wounded in a suicide attack in the Pakistani city of Lahore.
At least 60 people die from AA ... bombing is on the market in Sadr City, he is in the fever area of Baghdad.
At least 60 people die from a car bomb in a market in Sadr City, a Shiite district of Baghdad.
At least 60 people were killed and 110 injured by a suicide bombing in the Pakistani city of Lahore.
At least eight children have died from Rabid Bats in Ecuador after the Amazon region in recent weeks.
At least eight children have died in the past few weeks in Ecuador's Amazon basin after being bitten by rabid bats.
At least eight people are killed when a Eurocopter AS332 ditches into the North Sea.
At least eight people die When Eurocopter AS332 fosa oj in the North Sea.
At least five people die and more than 50 are injured in serial bombings in Guwahati, India.
At least five people die and over 50 are injured by serial bombing in Guwahati, India.
At least one person is dead and 21 others are injured in the "Nala" Kabardino-Balkarian horse races.
At least one person is killed and 21 others are injured at a horse race in Nalchik, Kabardino-Balkaria.
At least six people are killed in a explosion at a coal mine near Baishan, China.
At least six people died in a coal mine near Baisha, China.
At least three people are known to have died following a bomb blast in Gori, northern Georgia.
At least three people die after a crash in the apartment constructing "o Palencia, Spain.
At least three people die after an explosion in an apartment building in Palencia, Spain.
At least three people know dead after a bomb exploded in Gori, North Georgia.
At least two civilians are killed and ten more are wounded by a suicide attack on a market in Swat Valley.
At least two civilians have been killed and ten others have been wounded by a suicide bombing in the Opposite Market of Swat Valley.
At least two women are killed and six people trapped after a landslide in Los Gigantes, Tenerife.
At least two women die and six people trapped in a landlock in Los Gigantes, Tenerife.
A total solar eclipse happened.
A total solar eclipse is visible from northern Canada
A tour bus hits a bridge at Miami International Airport, USA, killing at least two people and injuring many more.
Attack submarine ex-Trepang completes being recycled.
A Turkish film wins the Best Documentary award at the Thanet International Film Festival in the United Kingdom.
A United States drone attack kills six people in northwest Pakistan.
Australian east coast lowFour people have died in South East Queensland in flood waters triggered by heavy rain.
Australia's economy shrinks 1.2 per cent in the first quarter due to various disasters.
Austrian Airlines, Tyrolean Airways and Lauda Air join the Star Alliance.
Austrian Airlines, Tyrolean Airways and Lauda Air other Star Alliance.
Authorities evacuate part of Heathrow Airport while they investigate a suspect package.
Authorized Gulfstream III jet kra ... as a slope during alproximation or Aspen, Rua, killing 18 people.
A Vengeance police will hold 1,200 opposing ... LEA's in Vietnam for immigrant raids in Moscow.
A Vladivostokavia Tupolev Tu-154 jetliner crashes on approach to landing at Irkutsk, Russia, killing 145.
A wind storm in Europe kills four people in Austria, two people in Germany, and two people in the Czech Republic.
Barbara and Jenna Bush prosecute AA or drink after posing over 21 in Texas drinking facility.
Barbara and Jenna Bush prosecuted for under-age drinking after posing as over 21 in a Texas drinking establishment.
Barclays Chairman Marcus Agius is resigning the Libor rate scandal.
Barclays chairman Marcus Agius is to resign following the Libor interest rate scandal.
Barclays plc chief executive Antony Jenkins says he will waive his bonus for 2012.
Barclays Plc "general manager Antony Jenkins said that he will lose his bonus in 2012.
Battle Mogadi ... o
Battle of Mogadishu
Battles in Kenya
BBC journalists stage another 24-hour strike in protest at planned redundancies.
Beer brewer Freddy Heineken  died in his home at the age of 78.
Beer of brewer Freddy Heineken died in his home AA 78.
Bill Blasio is "urita so 109th mayor in New York.
Bill de Blasio is sworn in as the 109th Mayor of New York City.
BMW announces an international memory of hundreds of thousands of luxuries or ... do it.
BMW announces the international recall of hundreds of thousands of luxury cars.
Boat crash near Lamu Island Kenya's coast at least seven people died.
Bombay's Sensex lost 615 points in a single day becoming Becoming the third largest in this part of his history.
Boo.com collapses due to lack of funds after six months.
Boo.com will collapse because of the lack of funds in six months.
Boomerang first on television in the United States.
Boomerang is first broadcast on television in the United States.
Boston Marathon bombing:Boston Police state that three more individuals are implicated and arrested.
Boston Marathon Bombing: The Boston Police State that made three more people involved and was detained.
Bridgegate scandal:A former aide of Chris Christie accuses the governor of having knowledge of the event.
Bridgegate scandal: former assistant Chris Christie accused the governor Who knows the okaza o.
Britain assumes presidency Ea ... the European Union's revenue from the crisis.
British Home Secretary Jacqui Smith issues a terrorism warning ahead of Christmas.
British Prime Minister Jacqui Smith dictates that terrorism will warn against Christmas.
Buffy, a vampire writer's musical episode "Once Upon A Time" was the premiere of UPN's online.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer's musical episode "Once More, with Feeling" was premiered on the UPN network.
California becomes the first U.S. state to forbid "conversion therapy" for minors, effective January 1st, 2013.
California IA is the first US state ban on "Convertible Therapy" for neplenas, IMPACTS January 1, 2013.
Cancel sunset
Carol Ann Duffy becomes the United Kingdom's first female Poet Laureate.
Carol Ann Duffy Come on in this unusual Rea country's first female choir poet.
Category 2 Hurricane John makes a landing place in the upper part of Baja California   "about nineteen PDT
Category 2 Hurricane John makes landfall near the tip of Baja California at around 7 p.m. PDT
Champion race horse Best Mate suffers a heart attack and dies while racing in front of a live television audience.
Chandra Levy disappeared in sports.
Chandra Levy disappears while jogging.
Cheerleader flying to England.
China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations
 "China and the Federation of Southeast Asian countries
ChinaChina's Xinhua launches a global 24-hour English TV news channel.
ChinaChina Xinhua                       
 "China"  etas chang'e 3 month probe Intruder rob',tica Lander and Jade Rabbit Rover.
China launches the Chang'e 3 lunar probe incorporating a robotic lander and Jade Rabbit rover.
China's first lunar probe, Chang'e 1, impacts the Moon.
"China's purchasing index will fall to 50.1, suggesting a possible ralentizaci  ,"   , ""  ""  ""  "
China's Purchasing Managers Index declines to 50.1 indicating a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy.
Chinese archaeologists have found a hidden underground chamber within the tomb of Qin Shi Huang.
Christian Dior S.A.
Christian Dior S.A. fires fashion designer John Galliano following a series of anti-semitic remarks.
Churches can Episcopal in the United States make liturgy of same-sex marriages.
Citigroup AA   "Minor minority shareholders of Japanese currencies or Nikko Cordial for $ 4.6 billion.
Citigroup buys out minority shareholders of Japanese brokerage Nikko Cordial for $4.6 billion.
Clashes in Kenya
Coheed and Cambria release their first album, The Second Stage Turbine Blade, on Equal Vision Records.
Coheed and Cambria will release the first release of the second stage turbine wings, the same as the Vision Records.
Colectiv nightclub fireThree other victims of the nightclub fire die at hospital, bringing the death toll to 30.
Colectiv ykerho fireThree the other victims of the nightclub fire dies at the hospital, resulting in the deaths of 30.
Colombia evac'aa near the towns of Nevado del Ruiz volcano over Concern over possible eruption.
Colombia evacuates towns near the Nevado del Ruiz volcano over concerns about a possible eruption.
Colombian conflict:13 FARC members are killed in an airstrike by the Colombian military.
Colombian conflict: 13 FARC remains killed in an air strike by the Colombian Army.
Columbia Pictures publicly distributed Men in Black II into movie theaters.
Columbia Pictures publicly shared in Men in Black II cinemas.
Comet ISON breaks up into a cloud of debris after skimming the Sun.
Compaq Computer Company eventually merged with Hewlett-Packard Corporation.
Compaq Computer Company is finally merged into Hewlett-Packard Corporation.
Complaint Aa ... then the Venus Bold Pussy Riot Case has been transferred to a group of people fired by his lawyer.
Computer pioneer Datapoint Corporation files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Concert Diana will take place in the new Wembley Stadium, which would have been Princess Diana 46th nightclub.
Confederate submarine H.L. Hunley is raised to the surface after 136 years on the ocean floor.
Confederate submarine vessel H. L.
Conflict between Israel and the Palestinians
Conflict in Iraq: 10 U.S. Marines are killed following an insurgent roadside bomb attack in Falluja.
Croatia becomes the 28th member of the European Union.
Croatia IA for 28th EA ... in the European Union.
Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader is in the middle of ... European Union negotiations on the persistence and the economic crisis.
Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader resigns amidst European Union negotiations standstill and economic crisis.
Crude oil prices surge past $100 a barrel briefly in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
Darfur conflict: The African Union extends the deadline for a peace deal by 48 hours.
Darfur conflict: The African Union is extending the term of the peace agreement for 48 hours.
Declaration Mayor Martin O'Malley names February 06, 2002 as "Beverly Lynn Burns Day" in Baltimore, Maryland.
Derek Jeter hits MLB for the first November in the Municipal World Series.
Derek Jeter hits the MLB's first November home run at the World Series.
Destroyed by the British military HMS Victory was found in the English Channel.
Diana Nyad has performed Naa i Cuba in Florida, the first person to do this without him in the arc Kaa o.
Diana Nyad successfully completes a swim from Cuba to Florida, the first person to do so without a shark cage.
Died: Aaliyah, a modern R & B and pop singer, dies in aviation accident AA 22.
Died: Aaliyah, contemporary R&B and pop singer, dies in a plane crash at the age of 22.
Died: L. Sprague de Camp, 92, American Sci-Fi and Fantasy AA ... Author
Died: L. Sprague de Camp, 92, US science fiction and fantasy author
Died: Roger Peyrefitte, 93, a French diplomat and author
Died: Roger Peyrefitte, 93, French diplomat and author
Died: Stephanie Lawrence, 50, English musical theatre actress
Died: Stephanie Lawrence, 50, English Music Theater Attendant
Disney California Adventure Malfermi  , " s Anaheim, California.
Disney California Adventure opens in Anaheim, California.
Doctor
Doha Round: The World Trade Organization ends a four-day ministerial conference in Doha, Qatar.
Doha Round: The World Trade Organization will decide on the four possible ministerial meetings in Doha, Qatar.
Dow Jones Industrial Average achieves four-year high strong manufacturing figures and the company's result.
Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S & P 500's heights.
Dozens of people are killed by "raid bombers within the Mogadi ... or mosque.
Dozens of people are killed by twin bomb blasts inside a Mogadishu mosque.
Dr. Jack Kevorkian is released from prison after serving 8 years for assisting terminally ill patients with suicide.
During a set of the band Pearl Jam at the Roskilde Festival near Copenhagen, 9 died and 26 are injured in the crowd.
EA ... European Competition Authority AA ... trumpet block LAA ... the planned merger between NYSE Euronext and Deutsche Brse.
EA ... Mr Banknotes and Coins Come up with Lee's course 12 member ... the facilities of EA ... in the European Union.
EA ... Razia Economic Union of Russia, Kazaa ,  something, Belarusian, Kyrgyzstan and Armenia come into force
Early elections in November are announced in the Netherlands.
Early elections in November will be announced in the Netherlands.
EA ... roar leaders to remember the victims of World War II ceremonies started the conflict 70 years ago.
Earthquake and the resulting tsunami hit the Solomon Islands, killing at least 15 people.
Earthquake of magnitude 6.5 in the lakes of Banggai Islands, Indonesia, killing 54 people.
Earthquake of the order of 7.3 strikes in Bengkulu, Indonesia, killing 90 people and injuring 2000 more.
Earthquake takes place in Blackpool, Lancashire, the company, cuadrilla Resources, abandoning gas drilling.
EA ... ska national party wins several places in Spain Ea ... ska Country of the parliamentary elections.
Egypt and Israel discuss in Jerusalem to discuss the planned Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.
Egypt and Israel hold talks in Jerusalem to discuss the planned Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.
Eight people are arrested in Greece for allegedly trying to smuggle weapons into Turkey.
Eight people are injured following an explosion and fire at a factory in Surrey, United Kingdom.
Eight people have been detained in Greece for attempting to smuggle weapons into Turkey.
Eight people were injured after the crash and shot at the "  ," factory in Surrey, UK.
Eleven World Wrestling Entertainment performers are dismissed because of the opposite ... LEA "steroid abuse.
Eleven World Wrestling Entertainment performers are suspended for suspected illegal steroid abuse.
Eli Reimer, AA or Sixteen, such as the first teenager Down syndrome climbs to the Everest base camp.
Eli Reimer, aged sixteen, becomes the first teenager with Down syndrome to climb to Mount Everest's Base Camp.
End of British Fuel protests.
End of UK Fuel protests.
  " ..." eneralaj election in Bosnia and Herzegovina
 " ..." eneralaj Elections 2006 will take place in Brazil.
Enron files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection five days after Dynegy canceled a US$8.4 billion buyout bid .
Enron's Files "   Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Guard After Five Days DYNEGY Reverses US $ 8.4 Billion Buyout Offer.
Envoys of the Dalai Lama return from Beijing after the ninth round of negotiations.
Establishment of police in Northern Ireland
Establishment of the Police Service of Northern Ireland
Estonia adopts the Euro, becoming the 17th Eurozone country.
Estonia takes EA ... rum, 17th EA ... rozono country.
Euro banknotes and coins become legal tender in 12 member states of the European Union.
Euromaidan:Activist Dymtro Bulatov reappears after allegedly being tortured by the government.
Euromaidan: Militant Dymtro Bulatov will appear after being sentenced to being tortured by the government.
European antitrust authorities block a planned merger between NYSE Euronext and Deutsche Boerse.
European leaders remember the victims of World War II at ceremonies marking the start of the conflict 70 years ago.
Eurostar Paris and London and delays hundreds of immigrants trying to get on the train "  ," E Calais.
Eurostar services between Paris and London are delayed by hundreds of migrants trying to board the trains at Calais.
FBI agent Robert Hanssen has been held and his argita spying for Russia for 25 years.
FBI agent Robert Hanssen is arrested and charged with spying for Russia for 25 years.
FBI arrests suspected purveyor of art forgeries, Ely Sakhai, in New York City.
FBI Holdings Above The Purveyor Of The Art Of Survival, Ely Sakha, New York.
Feist wins Artist of the Year at the Canadian Juno Awards.
Feist won the Artist of the Year and the Canadian Juno Awards.
Female suicide bomber killing 41 people and wound up in excess of 106 in Iraq's capital city of Baghdad.
Fiji is suspended from the Commonwealth of Nations, only the second full suspension in the organization's history.
Film: Bubble Boy
Film: Osmosis Jones played by Chris Rock, starring Bill Murray
Find two of these Pluto's been released.
Fire Extinction " " Universal Studios Hollywood Los Ana elased.
First Apple Store opens in New York City.
First case of anthrax in the US  is announced by federal officials.
First Great Western, First Great Western Link and Wessex Trains combined into the new Greater Western franchise.
Five thousand people protest in London as the G-20 begins its summit.
Five thousand people think in London the G20 will start at the summit.
Flames drift into the Mexican  ... tataj Pemex drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico, killing four workers.
Flames engulf a Mexican state-run Pemex oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico, killing four workers.
Flash floods and heavy rains sweep across central Texas, United States, killing 2 people.
Floods all over England and Wales after a day's heavy rainfall.
Floods and heavy rains shake in Central Texas, United States, killing 2 people.
Floodwaters in Les Cayes and surrounding areas responsible for the deaths of 8 Haitians recede.
Following the creation of Ottawa "megacity", the city adopts a new flag.
Football : Real Madrid has defeated Olimpia Paraguay to win the Intercontinental Cup.
Football: Real Madrid wins Olympia Paraguay wins the Intercontinental Cup.
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy is holding a hearing over quasar ... corruption.
Former heavyweight world boxer Muhammad Ali visits the place of his grandchildren in Ennis, Ireland.
Former heavyweight world champion boxer Muhammad Ali visits the birthplace of his great-grandfather in Ennis, Ireland.
Former Mexican President Miguel Madrid dies of complications of lung diseases in Mexico City AA 77.
Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is held for questioning over alleged corruption.
Former President of Mexico Miguel de la Madrid dies of complications of lung disease in Mexico City at the age of 77.
Former President of South Africa, Nelson Mandela, is being hospitalized at the hospital in Pretoria.
Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela is discharged from hospital in the capital Pretoria.
Former United States spy agency contractor Edward Snowden applies for political asylum in Russia.
Former US Vice President Al Gore and his wife Tipper release somehow.
Former Vice President of the United States Al Gore and his wife Tipper announce their separation.
For popular culture, it was the first day of the new millennium and new century.
For the first LoA residents ... ipanaro moves to the international space station.
Four Coordinated Lighter Bombs Runner in the Indian City of Pune.
Four coordinated low intensity bombs explode in the Indian city of Pune.
Four days after the election has been declared in Mongolia after the violent demonstrations after LEA donate the election.
Four explosions are reported in Bali at popular tourist areas, killing at least 36 and injuring 103 people.
Four militants, including two from Lashkar-e-Toiba
Four militants, including two Lashkar-e-Toiba
Four people are arrested after an attempted bombing in Manila's Ninoy Aquino International Airport.
Four people are killed and around 40 injured after a passenger plane explodes in Surgut in eastern Russia.
Four people have been killed and   , "irka ... 40 wounded after the passage of the eruptions of the Surgut It-Venj.
Four people were detained after trying to bomb the Manila Ninoy Aquino International Airport.
Four rumors reported in Bali in popular tourist areas, killing at least 36 and injuring 103 people.
France defeats Croatia to win the men's soccer championship.
France defeats Croatia to win the Men's World Handball Championship.
Free-Maria's   uano stores open in Colorado.
Gay Games open in Sydney AA ... Australia.
Gay Games open in Sydney, Australia.
General Elections 2006 in Brazil are taking place.
General elections are held in Bosnia and Herzegovina
General Motors filed for bankruptcy under United States Bankruptcy Act in Chapter 11.
General Motors files for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.
George W. Bush gives a bad speech to addressing US accounting scandals.
George W. Bush gives a stern speech addressing American accounting scandals.
German Health Care Report 365 new cases of E. coli Outbreak as daa ... re moderate "to"   "somewhere in Europe.
German health officials report 365 new cases of the E. coli outbreak as it continues to spread throughout Europe.
Girma Wolde-Giorgis manages Negasso Gidada as president of Ethiopia.
Girma Wolde-Giorgis succeeds Negasso Gidada as President of Ethiopia.
Glenn Tilton joined United Airlines as President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Glenn Tilton's second is United Airlines Chairman, President and CEO.
Global tsunami aid donations exceed USD 2 billion
Global tsunamipu Donations Exceed $ 2 Billion
Gonorrhoea soars in England.
Google Already "is U.S. Pat. No. 6285999, PageRank aims to use an algorithm used by Google as a search engine , .
Google doubles the storage space of its Gmail service to two gigabytes.
Google doubles the storage space of the Gmail service with two gigabytes.
Google is awarded U.S. Patent 6,285,999, for the PageRank search algorithm used in the Google search engine.
Greece adopts the euro as its currency.
Greece takes EA ... rum into currency.
Greek police shoot tear gas at protesters in Athens during an anti-government march.
Greek police shoot tear gas protesters in Athens during the opposite ... state sea trip.
Gregorian calendar, and his successor, "It was the first day of the new millennium and the new century.
Haiti ducentjari "or celebrate the eruption of violence.
Haiti's bicentennial celebrations erupt in violence.
Hamas and Islamic Jihad have declared, in principle, their intention to join the Palestine Liberation Organization
Hamas and the Islamic  "a" ihado declared their intention in principle to another Palestinian Liberation Organization Organiza "o
Hans Blix assumes the position of Chairman of the Board of UNMOVIC.
Hans Blix assumes the position of Executive Chairman of UNMOVIC.
Hayman Fire begins, the largest Colorado wildfowl.
Hezbollah members demonstrate their opposition to the Siniora administration in Beirut, Lebanon.
Hillary Clinton retires as a US Secretary of State in her state;
Hillary Clinton steps down as United States Secretary of State; she is succeeded by Senator John Kerry.
Hodia ... is an Islamic holiday Eid ul-Fitr, which marks the end of Ramad  muslims around the world.
HSBC Bank announced plans for "Trana"   "5000 workplaces now and 25,000 from 2013.
Hundreds of endangered species from Madagascar are found in a South African airport.
Hundreds of endangered species of Madagascar are found in the South African airport.
Hungarian actor Zsa Zsa Gabor rehospitalized the United States after becoming unconscious.
Hungarian actress Zsa Zsa Gabor is rehospitalised in the United States after becoming unconscious.
Hungary has the power of the Ea Presidency ... in the European Union.
Hungary takes over the presidency of the European Union.
Hurricane Michelle hits Cuba, destroying crops and thousands of homes.
Hurricane Michelle hits Cuba destroying cultivators and thousands of homes.
Ilamatepec volcano erupted into a coffee growing area of 40 miles
Illegal immigration from Africa to EuropeA European Union mission rescues more than 5,000 migrants over three days.
In all, solar eclipse appears in northern Canada
In an all-time race, the Super Saver, ridden Calvin Borel won the 2010 Kentucky Grand Slam.
In Australia, a collision between a fishing boat and a runabout on Sydney Harbour kills five people.
In Bangladesh, 15 of the radical leaders of Muslim leaders are accused of rebellion
In Bangladesh, 15 suspected radical leaders of Islamic groups are charged with sedition
In Burundi, a referendum approves the new constitution, which is intended to end 12 years of civil war
Incorporation of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited & Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited under the Indian Companies Act, 1956.
India "  etias new 2011 biom  ," tricos poll, the largest estimate in the world.
India launches its new 2011 biometric census, the largest census in the world.
Indian cinema actor, director and producer Dev Anand dies of a heart attack in London.
Indian security forces launch an offensive against the United Liberation Front of Assam.
Indian Security Forces Wildcat  ? Offensive Against United Liberation Front Assam.
Indian Supreme Court opposes the petition for the Novartis patent "Updated version of the Embryos, Glivec
India's first lunar mission, Chandrayaan-1, transmits two pictures of the Earth while en route to the Moon.
India's Supreme Court rejects a plea by Novartis to patent an updated version of its cancer drug, Glivec
India The first month's mission, Chandrayaan-1, A "It sends two pictures of the Earth while on the way to the moon.
India warns the Dalai Lama does not hate the People's Republic of China.
India warns the Dalai Lama not to anger the People's Republic of China.
Indonesian Mount Sinabung erupts killing 14 people.
Indonesian police arrest three people in connection with a fire on a ferry last week that killed 27 people.
Indonesia's Sinabung volcano erupts, displacing more than 19,000 people.
In Egypt, opposition party al-Wafd
In Egypt, the opposition party Wafd party
In India, the first 8.9 km of Mumbai Monorail INAA ... guras.
In India, the first 8.9 km of the Mumbai Monorail is inaugurated.
In Indonesia Sinabung erupted killing 14 people.
In Indonesia, the Sinabung volcano erupts, discriminating against more than 19,000 people.
Inmates kill two prison guards in a failed Nigerien jailbreak.
In Mecca, 35 Muslim pilgrims are crushed to death during the annual Hajj pilgrimage.
In Mecca, 35 Muslim rebels have been crushed by the "dying during  " annual Haitian pilgrimage.
In Nepal, 10,000 protesters march in Kathmandu against the policies of king Gyanendra and demand return of democracy.
In New York City, the United Nations Millennium Summit begins with more than 180 world leaders present.
Inside Conflict PeruThe Peruvian army saves 15 people Great path of guerrillas.
Internal conflict in PeruThe Peruvian Army rescues 15 people from Shining Path guerillas.
Internet knowledge Fred Figglehorn makes his first video on YouTube
Internet sensation Fred Figglehorn makes his first video on YouTube
In the case of humans, avian flu found in "China.
In the countryside of the Indian Manipur ... the state borders the Burmese burial vault and kills at least about twenty people.
In the first LA ... Leah, "a very good-sex marriage in the Netherlands is being celebrated.
In the Gregorian calendar and its followers, it was the first day of the new millennium and the new century.
In thoroughbred racing, Super Saver, ridden by Calvin Borel, wins the 2010 Kentucky Derby.
Iran agrees to allow inspections of a recently revealed nuclear facility near the city of Qom.
Iran agrees to allow inspections of   , "Revealed nuclear power plant to install o from the city of Qom.
Iranian Basiji students protested outside the British Embassy in Tehran.
Iranian Basiji students protest outside the British embassy in Tehran.
Iranian navy test fires an antitrust command.
Iranian pasa "product jet Tu-154,
Iran refuses to negotiate with the United States on its nuclear program.
Iran refuses to negotiate with the U.S. over its nuclear program.
Iraq disarmament crisis: Baghdad is bombed by US and UK war planes, killing three people.
Iraqi conflict: 10 US Marines will be killed after the rebel roadside attack on Fallujah.
Iraqi war: in Iraq, plenfluas is suicidbombadojn
Iraq's disarmament crisis: Baghdad has been bombed in the United States and the United Kingdom there is a military operation killed three people.
Iraq WarAl-Qaeda in Iraq militants attack the Shiite village of Dwelah in Diyala, killing at least 13 people.
Iraq WarAl-Qaeda Iraqi militants are invading the ijaisma vila  o Dwelah in Diyala killing at least 13 people.
Iraq War: At least 43 people are killed and 85 injured as a result of two bombings in markets in central Baghdad.
Iraq War: At least 43 people were killed and 85 were injured as a result of two bombs in the market in Baghdad city center.
Iraq War:In Iraq, a spate of suicide bombings
Islamic insurgency in Algeria
Islamic Rebellion in Nigeria: AA ... bombarding the blast Our Eria   , "   ," Abu  o Kills at least our people.
Islamic Rebellion in Nigeria: dozens of people die as Boko Haram captures the city of Bama.
Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:A car bomb attack in the Nigerian capital Abuja kills at least nine people.
Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Dozens of people are killed as Boko Haram captures the town of Bama.
Israeli and Palestinian conflictThe EA ... The European Union offers new negotiations on the Lhi-era peace plan.
Israeli Foreign Affairs Minister Avigdor Lieberman says that the Annapolis Conference "has no validity."
Israeli Foreign Minister TATAA "oj Minister Avigdor Lieberman said that Annapolis's meeting" is not right. 
Israeli-Palestinian conflict
Israeli-Palestinian conflictThe European Union proposes new talks on the Middle East roadmap for peace.
Israel malka ... plans to build 625 more homes in Palestinian areas, near East Jerusalem.
Israel reveals plans to build 625 more homes in the Palestinian territories, close to East Jerusalem.
Israel withdraws IDF troops from southern Lebanon after 18 years.
Israel withdraws its IDF troops from South Lebanon after 18 years.
Italy Premier Silvio Berlusconi's government assumed the rotating EU presidency.
Italy Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's government assumes EU presidency.
It is the last day on the Howard Stern Show for Jackie Martling.
It's the last day of Howard Stern Show Jackie Martling.
Jamal al-Jamal, a Palestinian ambassador to the Czech Republic, is killed in an explosion near his home in Prague.
Jamal al-Jamal, the Palestinian Ambassador of the AEA,   Republic, dies in a rush near his home in Prague.
Jamil Abdullah Al-Amin, a former Black Panther, is captured after a gun battle that left a sheriff's deputy dead.
Jamil Abdullah Al-Amin, the former black panther, was kidnapped after the gun in the fight that left the assistant ... Sheriff died.
Japan Airlines conducts the first successful test flight of a Boeing 747-300 partly powered by biofuel.
Japan Airlines performed the first successful test flight to Boeing 747-300 Partly powered by biofuels.
Japanese police arrest a leading mob figure, Tadashi Irie, third-in-command of the Yamaguchi-gumi.
Japanese prime minister Obuchi Keizo suffers a stroke and falls into a coma.
Japanese Yen and   , " female yuan to start direct trading.
Japan's Minister Obuchi Keizo calls for stroke and falls into coma.
Job EA ... ro will rise to 10.7 percent, its highest in history.
John Entwistle plays his last gig The Who.
John Entwistle plays his last show with The Who. He would die shortly after this performance.
Judiciary about 30 protesters in Iran who have shown demonstrations after the controversial presidential election commits.
Jul 2013 Egyptian protests, at least 16 people died and more than 200 were injured in clashes near the University of Cairo.
July 2013 Egyptian protests:At least 16 people are killed and over 200 injured in clashes near Cairo University.
Kazaa ,   something home Their first OSCE Summit for a decade.
Kazakhstan hosts its first OSCE summit in a decade.
King Gyanendra of Nepal sacks the government of Sher Bahadur Deuba and takes direct power for himself.
King Tupou V is crowned as the 23rd Monarch of Tonga.
Kirill I formally honor her patriarch of the Russian Orthodox Church.
Kirill I is officially enthroned as Patriarch of the Russian Orthodox Church.
Knut's brain swelled significantly before his recent death.
Knut the brain ... Velia is markedly ahead of his obscene death.
Late 2000s recession:Consumer spending in the U.S. rose in January after six successive monthly declines.
Late 2000's recession CONSUMPTION EXPENSES In the United States Altia "in January for the six months of the month of malpic.
Latvia officially adopts the Euro as its currency and becomes the 18th member of the Eurozone.
Latvia officially approves EA ... rum in its currency and in a way like 18th EA ... rozono.
Laura Diaz joined rival KCBS-TV after leaving KABC-TV, where she worked for 18 years.
Laura D   " s other is a competing KCBS TV after leaving KABC TV, where she worked for 18 years.
Law goes into effect in Germany legalizing same-sex registered partnerships.
Layne Staley lead singer and co-lyricist of the rock group Alice In Chains found dead in home.
Layne Staley Singer and Co-Operator The vocalist is a rock band Alice In Chains has been found dead in a house.
LDU Quito wins the Copa Libertadores 2008 defeating Fluminense in the final after a penalty shootout.
LDU Quito won the Copa Libertadores 2008 by defeating Fluminense after the final Gola OTA competition.
Lea O enter into force in Germany to legalize same-sex registered partnerships.
Lennox Lewis knocks Mike Tyson on IBF and WBC championship boxing Mata  ? Memphis.
Lennox Lewis knocks out Mike Tyson in an IBF and WBC championship boxing match in Memphis.
Libyan Civil War
Libya's internal war
Likud Party leader Ariel Sharon wins election as Prime Minister of Israel.
Limburg, a French oil tanker, crashes off the coast of Yemen, a terrorist attack.
Lithuania adopts the euro as its official currency, becoming the 19th member of the Eurozone.
Lithuania takes EA ... rum in the official currency, coming to the 19 th EA ... rozono.
Local government in England undergoes structural changes.
LOT Polish Airlines' flight 016 made a successful surge of the Warsaw Chopin airport.
LOT Polish Airlines Flight 016 makes a successful emergency landing at Warsaw Chopin Airport.
Lowry Theater and Gallery Center in Salford, England has officially opened the REA female Elisabet II.
Lucent Technologies announced its merger agreement with Alcatel.
Lucent Technologies announced the merger of Alcatel.
Luxembourg takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union
Luxembourg will become the EA Presidency of the European Union
Madonna kicks off the MDNA Tour in Tel Aviv, Israel.
Madonna launches MDNA Tour Tel Aviv, Israel.
Malaysia begins to round up illegal immigrants after a 4-month amnesty
Malaysia starts the round to the opposite ... LEA's Immigrants after 4 months of Amnesty
Mali: Tuareg Rebels Captured in the City of Gao, and the largest military base in Mali Between The Da ... ra tuareg rebellion
Mali:Tuareg rebels seize the town of Gao and the largest military base in Mali amid the ongoing Tuareg Rebellion
Man injures five people to death ... ... an anxiety police station.
Marcos Pontes, Brazil's first astronaut, reaches the International Space Station.
Marcos Pontes, Brazil's first cosmonaut, is to reach the international space station.
Mario Cuomo, former governor of the United States of New York, died in AA 82.
Mario Cuomo, former governor of the U.S. state of New York, dies at the age of 82.
Matt Smith announced that he wanted to leave Doctor Who at the end of 2013.
Matt Smith announces he will leave Doctor Who at the end of 2013.
Mauricio Funes INAA ... guras presidents in El Salvador.
Mauricio Funes is inaugurated as President of El Salvador.
Mayor Melbourne John So announces a resignation request.
Mayor of Melbourne John So announces his resignation.
Media research found that 100 million ... arcs are killed by the FIA the same yearly.
Mel Gibson is charged with misdemeanor drunken driving and related offences.
Mel Gibson is his argue of criminality on drunk driving and related crimes.
Mexico wins the FIFA U-17 Men's Championship 2005 in Lima, Peru, beating Brazil 3-0
Mexico wins the FIFA U-17 men's championship in Lima, Peru, playing Brazil 3-0
Michael Adebolajo has been formally charged with the murder of British Army soldier Lee Rigby in 2013 in Woolwich's invasion.
Michael Adebolajo is formally charged with the murder of British Army soldier Lee Rigby in the 2013 Woolwich attack.
Michael Jackson handles another 30th birthday concert in New York.
Michael Jackson makes his first 30 concerts in New York.
Michael Jackson performs his first 30th anniversary  concert in New York City.
Michael Jackson performs his second 30th anniversary  concert in New York.
Microsoft LOA became a restriction lawsuit Against Google from EA ... European Commission.
Microsoft lodged an antitrust complaint against Google with the European Commission.
Microsoft publishes Windows ME.
Microsoft releases Windows ME.
Mil Mi-8 helicopter crashes near Munozero
Miss World pageant held in London's Millennium Dome. Priyanka Chopra wins the title.
Miss World spectacle was organized in London Millennium Dome.
More than 40,000 females compete in the Women's Mini Marathon in Dublin, Ireland.
More than 40,000 women compete for women at Minimarato in Dublin.
More than thirty Iraqi people died and more than fifty injured bomb exploded at the funeral.
More than thirty Iraqis are killed and more than fifty are wounded as a bomb goes off at a funeral.
Moro insurgency in the Philippines:12 people are injured by a bomb attack in Mindanao.
Moro Rebellion In the Philippines, 12 people were injured in a bomb attack in Mindanao.
Movie: Bubble Boy
Movie: Osmosis Jones Good Chris Rock,   Efroligante Bill Murray
Moving for Emancipi "from Delta our destination is banned from releasing a British buy  ,  " Matthew Maguire.
Municipal elections are held in South Africa, to elect members to the local governing councils.
Municipal elections in South Africa, opt for the municipal councils councils.
Muriel Degauque is identified as the Belgian suicide bomber who killed herself in Iraq on November 9, 2005.
Muriel Degauque is recognized by the Belgian Suicide Bomber Who Killed Himself in Iraq on November 9, 2005.
Muslim riot in Nigeria
Myanmar drug lord and convicted murderer Naw Kham is executed by lethal injection in Kunming, Yunnan Province, China.
Myanmar drug trafficker and convicted murderer Naw Kham is executed by deadly injection in Kunming, Yunnan province, "China.
MySpace got the official     eton.
MySpace had its official launch.
NASA's Galileo cosmo ... the vessel runs in 112 miles of moon Jupiter's Io.
NASA's Galileo spacecraft passes within 112 miles of Jupiter's moon Io.
Nearly 25,000 homes are no longer powerless when some of Northern Ireland's Networks are destroyed.
Nepal, 10000 protesters in the sea i Katmand',a counteracts the policy of REA O Gyanendra demand and democracy restitution.
 "nestjt Bolivian departments Beni and Pando go to the ballot box AA ... tonomeco folklorism.
 "nestjt in Myanmar go to the polls to serve 45 seats, Aung San Suu Kyi making a victory in the election.
New European Union directive banning tobacco advertising comes into effect
New laws against age discrimination in the workplace - officially titled the Employment Equality
New Lea Overwhelmed AA or Discrimination at Work - Formally Called Equal Treatment at Work
News anchor Barbara Walters admits to having affair with US Senator Edward Brooke.
New South Wales, AA ... Australia, declares "his flood on the Mid North Coast's devastating area.
New South Wales, Australia, declares its flooded Mid North Coast a disaster area.
New York City, Unui, the United Nations Millennium Summit commemorating over 180 world leaders "  ," eestas.
Nicotine water is ruled illegal by the Food and Drug Administration.
Nine people are killed in a bus rampage in Tianjin, northern China.
North Caucasus insurgency:Two police officers are killed in a suicide car bombing in Kizilyurt, Dagestan, Russia.
North Kaa ... case of Insurgency: Two police officers have died of suicide or ... and bombings of Kiziljurt, Dagestan, Rwanda.
North Korea and South Korea will field an united Olympic team   "and the upcoming Olympics.
North Korea and South Korea will field a united Olympics team at the next Olympic Games.
North Korea raises its own currency for the first time in 17 years.
North Korea raises the value of its currency for the first time in 17 years.
North Korea says a South Korean fishing boat it seized "illegally" entered its waters.
North Korea says the South Korean FIA caught the boat ... in Captured "uphill ... Leah" and "advanced Waters.
Notorious Macao gangster Broken tooth Koi is released from prison after just 15 years.
Notorious Macau gangster Broken Tooth Koi is released from prison after serving nearly 15 years.
Nova "ankro Barbara Walters also shares a joke with Senator Edward Brooke.
Now middle-AA or victims of Talidomide
Now middle-aged victims of Thalidomide
Numerous high profile sites Participate in  ...  ... "ercotago  ... malmeja.
Numerous high-profile websites participate in April Fools' Day jokes.
Officials in Comoros confirm that one passenger from Yemenia Flight 626, a 14-year-old girl, has been found alive.
Officials The Comorians confirm that one pair of Yemenia Flight 626, 14-year-old daughter, was found alive.
Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh is carried out at the intricate Terre Haute, Indiana.
Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh is executed at a complex in Terre Haute, Indiana.
One 38-year-old policeman is killed in the Catania football clashes in Italy. 71 people are taken to the hospital.
One ACLU lawsuit challenges gag orders to National Security Letters.
One airstrike villa - a digital part of the NATO-led peacekeeping force
One of the Ontario, Canada hospital machines kra ... to kill its two Air Force and two Paramedics.
Organiza o american  ...  ... "states Gives Honduras three days to restore discriminated President Manuel Zelaya.
Organization of African Unity disbanded, African Union created.
Organization The African Unity broke up, the African Union created.
Ostankino Tower in Moscow catches fire, three people are killed.
Other Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited & Mahanagar Phone Nigam Limited is an Indian Company Limited Company in 1956.
Overcoming ... LEA "immigration from Africa Europea EA ... European Union mission saved more than 5,000 immigrants for more than three days.
Overcoming ... tutmondi "protests in Prague"   "top with the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.
Pakistan and India give each other a list of their nuclear facilities.
Pakistan and India give each other a list of their nuclear sites.
Pakistan Army Kills about 60 Taliban militants during Operation Black Thunder.
Pakistani authorities capture Mullah Obaidullah Akhund, a former Defense Minister of Afghanistan under the Taliban.
Pakistan's AA ... stonemason to capture mullah Obaidullah Akhund, former minister of the Afghan Taliban.
Palace Backpackers Hostel fire in Childers, Queensland, Australia, kills 15 people.
Palace Hostel Fire Childers, Queensland, AA ... Australia, killing 15 people.
Palestinian AA ... authorities to sign the superstars of the agreement and participate in the International Criminal Court.
Palestinian militants in Gaza fire four rockets and sixteen grenades in Israel's Negev region.
Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip fire four rockets and sixteen mortar shells into Israel's Negev region.
People on the streets in Ottawa are spending Canada on 143. naski days.
People take to the streets in Ottawa to celebrate Canada's 143rd birthday.
Peru's attorney general files homicide charges against ex-President Alberto Fujimori.
Peruvian lawyer '  , " s files against the assassination of former President Alberto Fujimori.
Pittsburgh Steelers maybe Arizona Cardinals 27-23 wins the Super Bowl XLIII.
Poland is holding the EA Presidency of the European Union for six months.
Poland takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union for six months.
Police and protesters battle during May Day demonstrations in Germany, Greece, and Turkey.
Police and Protesters battle during protests in Germany, Greece and Turkey.
Police arrest 30 alleged animal rights extremists in raids in the United Kingdom, Belgium and the Netherlands.
Police in Indonesia exchange gunfire with suspected militants near Jakarta, killing six people.
Police in Portugal announce proximi , as investigated by Madeleine McCann's case.
Police in Portugal announce that they are closing the investigation on the disappearance of Madeleine McCann.
Police use tear gas and batons on people protesting against their government in Maldives.
Pope Johannes Paa ... lo The war is beatified according to Pope Benedict XVI St. Peter's Square, Rome.
Pope Johannes Paa ... the war is being exported to a hospital suffering from a serious case of flu.
Pope John Paul II is beatified by Pope Benedict XVI in Saint Peter's Square, Rome.
Pope John Paul II is taken to a hospital suffering from a serious case of influenza.
Popular Bratz, a rival Barbie, debuted.
Portugal's Fregatti Corte-Real seizes the explosion of the Somali pirates in an attempt to kidnap.
Pouch 2002 recession: The Nikkei stock average falls from 3.2% to 9,217.04, 18-year low.
Powerful sunshine, the last known as the Bastille Day event, Kaa ... Zas geomagn',  ticos  ... the storm on earth.
Presidential elections in Russia: Vladimir Putin elected President.
President of Armenia, Robert Kocharyan, declared the country's anti-government demonstrations in Yerevan.
President United States, Barack Obama, makes Fort Monroe Hampton, Virginia, a national monument.
Privately owned newspapers go on sale in Myanmar for the first time since 1964.
Proclamation by Mayor Martin O'Malley designating February 6, 2002, as "Beverly Lynn Burns Day" in Baltimore, Maryland.
Proposed internet domain .xxx for pornography has been dropped shortly before the domain was set to receive approval.
Protests break out in Indonesia over fuel price increases
Protests break out in Indonesia over the price of carbura o
Public Interest Group Harvardwatch released a report on Harken's co-operation at Harvard University.
Public Interest group Harvardwatch released a report on Harken's partnership with Harvard University.
Qingzang railway has been officially opened by  "   president Hu Jintao.
Rafael Nadal of Spain defeats Roger Federer of Switzerland to win the 2009 Australian Open men's singles.
Rafael Nadal Spanish defeat Roger Federer Switzerland wins 2009 AA ... Australian Open Men's Singles.
Ray Guy becomes the first pure punter inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in its 40+ year history.
Ray Guy is one of the first purely Punter inducted Pro Football Hall of Fame in its 40+ year history.
Rea O Gyanendra for Nepal's sister government Sher Bahadur Deuba and take direct power for himself.
Rea o Tupou V Crowned as the 23rd Monarch Tongan.
Rebel PKK
Recent Celebrity Deaths: Charles Sheffield, a science fiction writer and a physicist, he dies of brain tumor AA O 67
Recent celebrity deaths: Charles Sheffield, science fiction author and physicist, dies of brain cancer at age 67
Recent celebrity deaths: Chick Hearn, pro-basketball announcer dies at the age of 85.
Recent Celebrity Deaths: Chick Hearn, Pro Basketball Announcer dies in AA or 85.
Recent celebrity deaths: Rod Steiger, American actor, aged 77.
Recent Celebrity Deaths: Rod Steiger, American Actress, AA or 77.
Recent celebrity deaths: Ted Williams, baseball player, aged 83.
Recent celebrity Deaths: Ted Williams, baseball player, or 83.
Recreational marijuana stores open in Colorado.
Representatives of the Dalai Lama's return to Beijing after NAA ...   , "irka ... by negotiating.
Researchers discovered three new species of buggies Antechinus in Queensland AA ... Australia.
Reserve Bank of AA ... Australian Trana " " when interest rates are 100 basis points or 4.25%.
Resta   oj AA ... Australian bushranger Ned Kelly pronass edess ... HM Prison Pentridge Melbourne, Victoria.
Resta  ,oj Jane Deasy has been identified positively by organs resani "up Air France's flight 447.
Revolutionary armed forces in Colombia
RIKEN concludes that research suggesting stem cells could be produced through STAP techniques was falsified.
Riken states that the research refers to the STAMA "cells that could be produced by STAP techniques that were abolished.
Rio Tinto Alcan locks out hundreds of workers from a smelter in the Canadian town of Alma, Quebec.
Rio Tinto Alcan  ... Losing Hundreds of Employees Fundicin in Canadian City of Alma, Quebec.
Road workers in Taizhou, Jiangsu, China discover remains of 700 yr-old mummy. [1]
Robbin Crosby of Ratt dies from a heroin overdose.
Robbin Crosby Ratt dies over heroin overdose.
Robert French is sworn in as the 12th Chief Justice of Australia.
Robert French is "urkonfirmita so 12.  " features   u   Messenger AA ... in Australia.
Robert Mueller confirmed as a new FBI leader.
Robert Mueller confirmed as the new FBI director.
Romania and Bulgaria join the European Union.
Romania and Bulgaria Other iEA ... in the European Union.
Runner   "Horse Own That Bird Won 135th Kentucky Derby.
Russian gas company Gazprom Suspended dispatch of gas deliveries to Ukraine after payment lien.
Russian Gazprom's supplies of natural gas to Ukraine after negotiations on prices are failing.
Russian opposition leader barred from running in 2018 election.
Russian police detain 1,200 illegal Vietnamese migrants in raids in Moscow.
Russian President Vladimir Putin of the United Kingdom wins 62.8% of his   "gifts in Russia's parliamentary elections.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said the chairman of American Donald Trump.
Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke to the president of the U.S. Donald Trump.
Russian President Vladimir Putin's United Russia party wins 62.8% of the votes in Russia's parliamentary elections.
Russian submarine Kursk sinks in the Barents Sea. All 118 men aboard die.
Russia's Gazprom halts deliveries of natural gas to Ukraine after negotiations over prices fail.
Russia signs a deal to open a second military base in Kyrgyzstan at a Collective Security Treaty Organisation summit.
Samoa Announced forgiveness of 35 prisoners to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the selfishness of New Zealand.
Samoa announces the pardon of 35 prisoners to celebrate the 50th anniversary of its independence from New Zealand.
Sarah Palin and Joe Biden are their sole purpose for discussion as vice chairman of the US Presidency.
Sarah Palin and Joe Biden have their only scheduled debate for the vice presidency of the United States.
Saudi Aramco has ranked Forbes as the first of the world's 25 largest oil companies.
Saudi Aramco is ranked by Forbes as the first among the world's 25 largest oil companies.
Scientists discover three new species of marsupial Antechinus in Queensland, Australia.
Screamin 'Jay Hawkins, Tom Landry, Charles M. Schulz and Oliver die, join Kaa ... zoj.
Screamin' Jay Hawkins, Tom Landry, Charles M. Schulz, and Oliver die, of unrelated causes.
Second and last day of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints  177th Annual General Conference
Second Libyan Civil War
Section 28, a law preventing the promotion of homosexuality is repealed by the Scottish Parliament.
Senator Lindsey Graham Etel-Carolinan will move to the 2016 Republican nominee nominee.
Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina enters the race for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination.
Serbia gave Unui the United Nations as the 190th
Serbia is admitted to the United Nations as the 190th member
Several events are held to celebrate the 125th anniversary of the Gaelic Athletic Association.
Several members of the Nepalese royal family are killed in the Nepalese royal massacre
Several missions in the Nepalese Rea family have been killed in the Nepalese Rea bloodshed
Several okaza oj happens to celebrate 125 years of the Gaelic Athletic Association.
Shanghai Cooperation Organization to mark 10th anniversary in Astana, Kazakhstan.
Shenzhou 2, an unmanned Chinese spacecraft, was launched.
Shenzhou 2 manners   "female cosmo  ... the ship was woolen  " digital.
 ...  ... "ship that carries 458 people crashing into the Yangtze Mountain" in China, Hubei province.
Shooting kills and wounds six people in Killarney, Calgary, Canada, police take hold.
Siinai Discomfort: Eleven Egyptian military soldiers have died on the roadside bomb attack on the Sinai Peninsula.
Sinai insurgency:Eleven Egyptian Army soldiers are killed in a roadside bomb attack in the Sinai Peninsula.
Singapore Airlines in Star Alliance.
Singapore Airlines joins the Star Alliance.
Six uprisings held "Guantanamo prison camp released the United States and translo" played back ... o.
Six Uyghurs detained at Guantanamo Bay detention camp are released by the United States and resettled in Palau.
Sky 3D, the first dedicated 3D TV channel in Europe, launches in the UK.
Slay one soldier and hurt another at military recruiting center in Little Rock, Arkansas.
Slovakia adopts the euro and becomes the 16th member of the Eurozone.
Slovakia takes EA ... rum and IA as the 16th EA ... rozono.
Slovenia adopts the euro, replacing the tolar and becoming the second enlargement to the eurozone.
Slovenia takes EA ... rum, anstata ... becoming Tolar and Becoming another extension of EA ... sir.
Small machine kra ...   "E Mount Airy, North Carolina where there are six dead passes.
Social network Facebook files for the IPO.
Sojuz space with the capsule Oleg Kononenko
Somali civil warSomali al-Shabaab militants attack an army base on the outskirts of Baidoa, killing seven soldiers.
Somali civil warSomali to-Shabaab militants attack an army base on the outskirts of Baido by killing seven soldiers.
"Some of Gabriele D'Annunzio's inscriptions come from this public Havaa" o,    , " Ara" it was 70 years since her death in 1938.
Sony accuses the recent malfunction of the old PS3 "fat" models from within the horlo or disturbance.
Sony blames recent malfunctions of older PS3 "fat" models on an internal clock glitch.
South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation, composed of foreign ministers from seven south Asian countries
Southern Sudan's Sudan People's Liberation Movement
South Sudan is to send additional troops and police PIBOR, a scene of ethnic violence.
South Sudan is to send more troops and police to Pibor, the scene of ethnic violence.
South Sudan Liberation Army
Space Shuttle mission STS-109 is launched at 6:22 a.m.
Space Shuttle STS-109 is LAN at 06:22
Spain approves plans to deploy 1,100 troops to Lebanon as part of a UN peacekeeping force.
Spain approves plans to take 1100 troops in Lebanon as part of UN peacekeepers.
Spain has power over the EA Presidency of the European Union in Sweden.
Spain takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union from Sweden.
Speaking of Japanese Emperor Hirohito was announced in the rendici','n absolute Japan released in digital form.
Spongebob you want "television special to Nickelodeon.
Sri Lankan Army Captured Area near Mannar's Tamil Tiger
Sri Lankan Army, killing 91 people and wounding 87 in hospital in the Civil Emergency Belt.
Starbucks announced that "It encloses 600 poorly cafes in the United States.
Starbucks announces that it will close 600 underperforming coffee shops in the United States.
Stock market downturn of 2002: The Nikkei stock average falls 3.2% to 9,217.04, an 18-year low.
Sudan agrees to demilitarize its borders in South Sudan.
Sudan agrees to demilitarize its border with South Sudan.
Suicide attacking 10 people, including two police officers, in the southern province of Helmand, Afghanistan.
Summer Olympics in 2000 in Sydney, AA ... Australia.
Super-Sonic commercial plane Concorde Continue flying after 15 months Paa ... zo.
Surveyors to measure size were recently found to be planetoid Eriksen as much as Pluto had 84% probability.
Susan Sarandon Open from a department store in Paris.
Susan Sarandon opens cheese speciality shop in Paris, France.
Sweden disestablishes the Church of Sweden as the official state religion.
Sweden disestablishes the Swedish Church as an official state ... government decree.
Swedish Mint
Swedish National Post Office when the Danish "colleague", a new group based in Stockholm.
Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt assumes the rotating presidency over the European Union.
Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt takes over the rotating presidency over EA ... in the European Union.
Swissair seeks for bankruptcy protection and grounds its entire fleet.
Swissair will apply ,  as bankruptcy protection and land his entire fleet.
Switzerland accidentally invades Liechtenstein after 171 infantrymen get lost and cross the Liechtenstein border.
Switzerland In the wound he invades his a  tena milk after 171 soldiers infanter'a perdis and go over to the   Tena at the milk border.
Symbionese Liberation Army member Kathleen Soliah  withdraws her previous guilty plea.
Syrian Civil War
Syrian civil war:At least 45 people
Syrian Civil WarISIL releases an Internet video showing the beheading of American journalist Steven Sotloff.
Syrian civil war:Lebanese gunmen kidnap eight Syrians from the Alawites minority and demand a hostage exchange.
Syrian Civil War: Syrian government forces shell areas of eastern Damascus - a stronghold of rebel forces.
Syrian Civil War:Talks in Geneva end.
Syrian civil war:The Arab League discusses the ongoing crisis in Syria at a closed-door meeting in Cairo.
Syrian internal conflict, at least 45 people
Syrian Internal War: Negotiations  "a" for Geneva to end.
Syrian Internal War: Syrian government troops shell in areas of Damascus - a bastion of rebel troops.
Syrian uprising: The United Nations says both government and opposition forces have violated the ceasefire.
Syrian uprising: This Unui "The UN says the government and the opposition troops have broken a ceasefire.
Syria's Civil WarISIL publishes an online video with a stinging American magazine   ,                Steven Sotloff.
Syria's internal war
Syria's internal war, Lebanese gunmen capture the eight Aramaic Alawites minorities and insist on purchasing or middle-class ana o.
Syria's internal war: The Arab League is discussing anti-aircraft forces ... in crisis in Syria at a closed door meeting in Cairo.
Syria: Syrian Rebels are leaving the neighborhood of Bab Amr, Homs after bloody 26 days bombing.
Syria:Syrian rebels leave the neighborhood of Bab Amr, Homs following a bloody 26 day bombardment.
Szeged's universities are unified into a single institution called the University of Szeged.
Taliban staged attacks on two provinces in Afghanistan, killing six people.
Tarja Halonen is elected the first Finnish female president.
Tarja Halonen was elected Finland's first female president.
Tate Modern malfermi ", as in London.
Telangana officially becomes the 29th state of India.
Telangana officially IA as the 29 state of India.
Ten French tourists are kidnapped in northern Ethiopia.
Ten French Tourists were kidnapped in northern Ethiopia.
TerreStar-1, the largest commercial telecommunication satellite ever built, is successfully launched.
TerreStar-1, the largest commercial telecommunications satellite ever built, has been successfully wired   "digital.
The 16th World Economic Forum on Africa is convened in Cape Town, South Africa..
The 2000 abolition of the US will be realized.
The 2000 Summer Olympics are opened in Sydney, Australia.
The 2000 Summer Olympics close in Sydney, Australia.
The 2000 United States Census is conducted.
The 2008 Atlantic Hurricane Season, a tropical ... Storm Hanna IA Hurricane Hanna
The 2008 Zimbabwean cholera outbreak has claimed 425 lives and affected 10,000 people since August 2008.
The 38-year-old police will be killed in Catania's football battles in Italy.
The 72-year-old American soap opera Guiding Light will broadcast its final episode on September 18.
The American 1950s pop singer Patti Page, best known for Tennessee Waltz and
The American internet cartoon series Homestar Runner makes her first "Isdatigo's target is" a bit of a rift "or a three-year break.
The American ... States of Minnesota and Rhode Island will begin giving matrimonial permits for same-sex couples.
The American workmen from the organization organizing the  ojoj that was ahead of Jua or Egypt can go.
The Angolan Civil War ends after 26 years of fighting since Angolan independence in 1975.
The appeal hearing in the Russian band Pussy Riot's case is delayed after one member of the group fired their lawyer.
The Association of South East Asian Nations
The Australian Army ends its combat role in Iraq, as about 500 troops withdraw from Nasiriyah.
The Basque Nationalist Party wins a plurality of seats in Spain's Basque Country's parliamentary elections.
The BBC "urnalistojo stage for a 24-hour strike to protest"   , "e planned reduction.
The "best man of my horse" and my best friend got a heart attack and died while competing in front of the live tv audience.
The Bombay Stock Exchange Sensex lost 615 points in a single day becoming the third biggest such crash in its history.
The bomb rages in the Turkish police line in Istanbul injured three people.
The bomb rages outside of the packed football stadium in Oklahoma, where one died.
The Bush Administration acknowledges the implementation of the Continuity of Operations Plan for the first time.
The Bush administration has provided the continuity plan for the continuation of the action plan for the first time.
The ceremony will be held in Thiepval, Picardie, France, to celebrate the 90th anniversary of the Battle of Sommen.
The closing ceremony of the XVII Commonwealth Games which had started on July 25.
The Colombian group left FARC to release the last police and army prisoners.
The Colombian leftist group FARC releases its last remaining police and military captives.
The comet ISON is decomposed by the cloud derompa oj after skimming Sun
The comic strip Bringing Up Father ends its 87-year run in newspapers.
The comic strips Vihtori and Klaara decide on his 87-year career in the newspaper.
The computer's previous Datapoint Corporation files "   Chapter 11 Bankruptcy.
The Concert for Diana occurs at the new Wembley Stadium on what would have been Princess Diana's 46th birthday.
The Constitution of Finland is re-written.
The Constitution of Finland is rewritten.
The controversial spiritual guru Asaram Bapu is arrested on a rape charge filed by a teenage girl in northwest India.
The court in Bahrain supports the imprisonment of NAA on the judges' condemned role in the nation's uprising.
The court sentences eleven in Atlanta teachers as part of the mass scam scandal.
The cross country cycling organization "LOCO" was founded in Shreveport / Bossier City.
The death toll from the tornados that hit Oklahoma City on May 31 rises to nine.
The discovery of two additional moons of Pluto is announced.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 hit record highs.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average reaches a four-year high due to strong manufacturing figures and company earnings.
The employment rate across EA ... rozono reaches a ten-year high of 9.5%.
The EP-3E US Navy spy plane crashes out of the "People's Liberation Army Liberation Army".
The Episcopal Church in the United States adopts its liturgy for same sex marriages.
The Eurasian Economic Union between Russia, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Kyrgyzstan and Armenia comes into effect
The faults of Palestinian factions flare up again.
The federal   , " urio summarize the new A" 'Jersey Senator Bob Menendez of corruption charges.
The FIA classes of things are hung in the Commonwealth, only the second complete suspension in the layout of the story.
The final original Peanuts comic strip is published.
The first Apple Store malfermi ", as in New York.
The first carnivore in the United States has been reported by the federal authorities.
The first ever episode of The Sarah Jane Adventures Called Invasion of Bane was free
The First ever episode of The Sarah Jane Adventures called Invasion of the Bane was aired
The first-ever outbreak of chikungunya in the Caribbean reaches epidemic levels.
The first Great Western, the first Great Western Link Wessex trains combine the new Great Western franchise.
The first legal same-sex marriage in the Netherlands is celebrated.
The first outbreak of times in Chikungunya Caribbean reaches epidemic levels.
The first resident crew enters the International Space Station.
The first series of Big Brother UK starts.
The first set of Big Brother UK comedy.
The first stock market [who?] Hit his lowest level in 2012.
The floods of Les Cayes and "  ," irka  s areas responsible for the deaths of 8 Haitians back down.
The former US spy agency contractor Edward Snowden is seeking political asylum in Russia.
The French court in Angers is preparing a large child-like courtroom
The French court orders to release the two defeats in 1994 of the Rwandan Genocide.
The French government denied smoking and cigarettes "  ," some passive smoking in the area.
The Government of France has banned the smoking of cigarettes in every second-hand smoke area.
The government of Venezuela expels three United States diplomats after accusing them of "economic sabotage".
The Hayman Fire begins, the largest of the Colorado wildfires.
The Hizbollah regime is opposed to the Siniora regime in Beirut, Lebanon.
The HSBC bank announces plans to cut 5,000 jobs now and 25,000 by 2013.
The Ilamatepec volcano erupts in a coffee-growing area 40 miles
The Indonesian government raises fuel prices by more than 100%, resulting in petrol prices of 4,500 rupiah
The Indonesian government will propose more than 100% of the price of carburetor, which led to gasoline prices of 4500 Rupees
The Indonesian police held three people in connection with a fire raid last week that killed 27 people.
The intrusion submarine ship's former Trepang is fully recyclable.
The Iranian Navy test-fires a surface-to-air missile.
The Italian court of appeal annulled Amanda Knox, a 26-year-old prisoner of murder and sexual assault.
The Japanese police are holding a leading figure, Tadashi Irie, third-party Yamaguchi-Gumi.
The Japanese yen and the Chinese yuan begin direct trading.
The jury in the first phase of the trial of Zacarias Moussaoui has decided that he is eligible for the death penalty.
The last wholly Swedish-owned arms manufacturer, Bofors, is sold to American arms manufacturer United Defense.
The Likud Party will "Ariel  ..." set win the election as   the Israeli Prime Minister.
The Limburg, a French oil tanker, explodes off the coast of Yemen, in a terrorist attack.
The local government in England faces structural changes.
The Lowry theatre and gallery centre in Salford, England is officially open by the Queen Elizabeth II.
The machine carries the support of materials 2010 "Chilean earthquake kra ... killing at least six people.
The man complains that he is Anonymous takes down the site of the Singaporean newspaper The Straits Times.
The man fired "from California Fruitvale BART Station to the Bay Area Rapid Transit Officer.
The man who attacked the Netherlands' Royal Family on Queen's Day dies.
The mosque of Israel's villa from Tuba-Zangaria is set to fire.
The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta refuses to release British hostage Matthew Maguire.
The movie fool, Eisenstein, Isku Mogadishu, and Gosford Park released in the United States
The movies Impostor, Eisenstein, Black Hawk Down, and Gosford Park are released in the U.S.
The NASDAQ Composite Index reaches an all-time high of 5132.52.
The Nasdaq Composite Index reaches its "highest" 5132.52.
The new EA ... European Union directive on tobacco advertising ban will enter into force
The Nicotine Wave will counterbalance the ... LEA "part of the manual or" o and Drug Administration.
The number of dead from the tornadoes hit Oklahoma City on May 31, rising to NAA.
The Oakland Athletics baseball team won the 20 th minute game, the American league record.
The Oakland Athletics baseball team won their 20th consecutive game, an American League record.
The Obama administration in the United States warns that BP's real at this point in the Gulf of Mexico could DAA ... is "has aa ... taste.
The Obama administration is striving for overseas cyber attackers with a penalty program.
The Obama Administration targets overseas cyber attackers with a sanctions program.
The opening 2002 Winter Olympics taking place in Salt Lake City.
The opening ceremony of the 2002 Winter Olympic Games, which are held in Salt Lake City.
The opposition in Guinea abandons the call's dominant     , "to create a unity government.
The opposition in Guinea reject a call by the ruling junta to create a unity government.
The Organization of American States gives Honduras three days to restore its deposed president, Manuel Zelaya.
The Orissa report of the Council states that 558 houses and 17 devotions were burned in 2008 by Orissa's violations.
The Pakistani Army kills approximately 60 Taliban militants during Operation Black Thunder.
The Palestine Authority signs a treaty to join and participate in the International Criminal Court.
The Palestinian AA ... authorities will hold 250 next to Hamas after shooting four Israeli settlements in Beit Hagai.
The Palestinian Authority arrests 250 members of Hamas following the shooting of four Israeli settlers at Beit Hagai.
The Palestinian factional violence flares up again.
The parent company American Airlines says it "slows down 13,000 jobs, or 15% own A ... models.
The parent company of American Airlines says that it will slash 13,000 jobs or 15% of its workforce.
The Party Socialdem'crata AA ... the band won the hodia ... election of the AA ... ribbons.
The people died on the bus line in Tianjin, North of China.
The People's Republic of China begins its first census in ten years.
The People's Republic of China has been accorded permanent normal trade unions to the United Nations.
The People's Republic of China is granted permanent normal trade status with the United States.
The People's Republic of China will start the first calculation for ten years.
The phrase "  '"    ,     "
The piece Longplayer begins. It will last 1000 years, finishing on December 31, 2999.
The Pittsburgh Steelers defeat the Arizona Cardinals 27-23 to win Super Bowl XLIII.
The police hold 30 alleged violations of the rights of the victims in the United Kingdom, Belgium and the Netherlands.
The police in Indonesia took the side of a penalty shootout with the odds of militants nearing the "A" wanting killing six people.
The police used tear gas and batons for people to think Opposite to his government in the Maldives.
The popular Bratz, rival to the Barbie doll, debuts.
The popular culture, "It was the first day of the new millennium and the new century.
The Portuguese frigate Corte-Real confiscates explosives from Somali pirates during an attempted hijacking.
The President of Armenia Robert Kocharyan declares a state of emergency following anti-government protests in Yerevan.
The President of the United States, Barack Obama, makes Fort Monroe in Hampton, Virginia, a National Monument.
The price of crude oil plii "ball for $ 100 a barrel briefly in trading in the New York jubilee.
The prisoners are killing two prison guards unsuccessful for us to erase escaping.
The proposed Internet domain .xxx pornography was removed from balda ... before the domain was established with the funding available.
The Qingzang railway is formally opened in the by Chinese President Hu Jintao.
The racehorse Bayern wins the 2014 running of the Breeders' Cup Classic.
The racehorse Mine That Bird wins the 135th Kentucky Derby.
There are reports of the discovery of a possible new type of subatomic particle, a pentaquark.
The rebel Kurdistan Workers' Party
The rebellion takes place at   , " and the REA Women's Elizabeth Barracks in Suva, FIA classes of things.
There has been reported a potential new type of subatomic particles, i.e., pentacle.
There is a Buddhist audience in Tora   s over 70 Muslim homes and a 94-year-old woman to die Rakhine  ... 'State, Myanmar.
The remains of Australian bushranger Ned Kelly are found in the former HM Prison Pentridge in Melbourne, Victoria.
The remains of Jane Deasy are positively identified in the bodies recovered from Air France Flight 447.
The Reserve Bank of Australia cuts interest rates by 100 basis points to 4.25%.
The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles settles 45 lawsuits alleging sexual abuse by priests for $60 million.
The runner-horse Bayern wins 2014 in terms of the performance of breeders cup classic.
The Russian gas company Gazprom suspends shipments of gas to Ukraine following a payment dispute.
The Russian opposition leader Closed off in the 2018 election.
The Russian presidential election: Vladimir Putin is elected president.
The Russian signed a contract to open another military base in Kyrgyzstan at the Collective Security Bureau at the summit.
The Russian submarine ship Kursk is sinking in the Barents Sea.
The Second And Last Day The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 177. The actual  " ..." General Conference
The Serious Organised Crime Agency, dubbed the 'British FBI', is launched in the United Kingdom.
The site of Rotten Tomatoes is officially a flash object   thin time.
The Social Democratic Party of Austria has won today's election in Austria.
The social network Facebook files for an initial public offering.
The South-Asian regional co-operation body, consisting of seventeen South-East Asian Foreign Ministers
The speech by Japanese Emperor Hirohito announcing the unconditional surrender of Japan is released in digital form.
The SpongeBob SquarePants You Wish" TV special airs on Nickelodeon.
The Sri Lankan Army captures territory near Mannar from the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
The Sri Lankan Army kills 91 people and injures 87 others at a hospital inside a civilian safe zone.
The study finds that it is the topitaj arteries   "irka ... the heart is a risk factor for brain injury stroke.
The Summer Olympics 2000 are open in Sydney, AA ... Australia.
The super-sonic commercial aircraft Concorde resumes flying after a 15-month break.
The Swedish Mint
The Swedish national postal service will merge with its Danish counterpart, the new group will be based in Stockholm.
The Symbiotic Liberation Army left Kathleen Soliah to cancel ... the culprit ground.
The Taliban kidnapped about 400 people in the Northwest Frontier Province of Pakistan.
The Taliban kidnaps approximately 400 people in North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.
The Taliban stages offensives in two provinces of Afghanistan, killing six people.
The Taliban threatens to endure the strikes in Afghanistan for a year-long record for the violence.
The Taliban threaten to escalate attacks in Afghanistan after a year of record violence.
The Tate Modern opens in London.
The third fiber optic fiber submarine ship's communications cable, FALCON, is Trana's "digital two days after SEA-ME-WE 4 and FLAG was dama" Ittaille.
The trailblazing wheeling organ "Crazy" was set up in Shreveport / Bossier City.
The trial of 30 protesters in Iran who demonstrated in protests after the disputed presidential election begins.
The Turkish army kills seven PKK rebels who crossed the border from Syria.
The Turkish currency is revalued at a rate of 1,000,000 "old" lira for 1 New Turkish Lira.
The Turkish currency is valued at the speed of 1 million "old" lira 1 New Turkish Lira.
The UK assumes the rotating presidency of the European Union amidst its funding crisis.
The UK Snooker Championship has been won by John Higgins.
The UK Snooker Championship is won by John Higgins.
The ultimate origin Tenavers of the comic book will be released.
The ultimate Swedish-owned arms maker, Bofors, is selling the American arms manufacturer Unui  , " s Exit Defense.
The unemployment rate across the Eurozone reaches a ten-year high of 9.5%.
The Union of French Jewish Employers and Professionals
The United Nations launches a food assistance program to assist Iraqi refugees in Syria.
The United Nations orders Israel to stop evicting Palestinians from East Jerusalem.
The United Nations Security Council passed a UNSC resolution
The United States Air Force grounds all T-38C training aircraft following two fatal accidents within 8 days.
The United States and Russia begin salt negotiations.
The United States and Russia begin Strategic Arms Limitation Talks.
The United States and South Korea agree on two-way free trade agreements, ending ten months of negotiations.
The United States and South Korea reach an agreement on bilateral free trade, concluding ten months of negotiations.
The United States calls on China to provide a full account of the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests.
The United States Department of Labor announces that the United States unemployment rate rose to 5.8% in December.
The United States, Israel, and Canada boycott the Durban Review Conference.
The United States, Israel, and Canada will boycott the Durban Review Conference.
The United States urges China to provide information on the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests.
The universities of Szeged combine with the same organization called Szeged University.
The US authorities announce the clock Ibn al-Shaykh al-Libi.
The US Department of Commerce announced that the US employment rate will be "up to 5.8% in December.
The US military controls the Al-Anbar over the Iraqi government.
The U.S. military hands control of Al Anbar Governorate over to the Iraqi government.
The U.S. states of Minnesota and Rhode Island begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples.
The Venezuelan government deported three US diplomats, accusing them of "Economic sabotage".
The water parasite Cryptosporidium was discovered in drinking water as a result of the 2002 Glasgow floods.
The website Rotten Tomatoes is officially launched on a full-time basis.
The work of long-acting komenci.
The World Bank agrees to finance the controversial dam of hydropower in Laos.
The World Bank agrees to fund a controversial hydroelectric dam project in Laos.
The World Bank urges the People's Republic of China to undertake financial reforms to keep economic growth on track.
The world's first self-contained artificial heart is implanted in Robert Pools.
The world's first self-made artificial heart is implanted in the Robert Sea  ?
The World Wrestling Federation  for an estimated $7 million.
The wreck of the British warship HMS Victory is discovered in the English Channel.
The Xbox Music Mixer was released.
The Xinhua news agency reports that 25 Chinese workers held captive in the Sinai region of Egypt have been released.
The Yonhap News Agency reports that North Korea is tightening border controls with South Korea to stop defections.
Thirteen U.S. coal miners are trapped after an underground explosion in Upshur County, West Virginia.
Thirteen US coal miners trapped in an underground explosion in Upshur County, Lansing, Virginia.
This jumping day is the last turn-of-the-century leap year  "up to February 29, 2400.
This leap day is the last in a turn-of-the-century leap year until February 29, 2400.
Thousands of people protest in Tirana, demanding a recount of votes from last June's parliamentary elections.
Thousands of people protest Tirana asking for recounting my   "gifts last summer in parliamentary elections.
Thousands of South African entrepreneurs in the public sector strike 12% for wage increase for the second Friday in the ranks.
Thousands of South African public sector workers go on strike for a 12% pay raise for the second Friday in a row.
Three executives of Allied Irish Banks resign.
Three explosions are reported in the Yemeni capital Sanaa along with heavy gunfire.
Three leaders of Allied Irish Banks to resign.
Three people are killed in apartment building explosion in Manila, Philippines.
Three people died in the apartment constructing the o rally in Manila, Philippines.
Three rumors were reported in Yemen's   the capital of the word accompanied by a heavy firefight.
T-Mobile USA debuts with the trading symbol TMUS of the New York Stock Exchange.
T-Mobile US debuts on the New York Stock Exchange with the ticker symbol TMUS.
To another I North Atlantic Treaty with Albania and Croatia.
Today is the Islamic festival of Eid ul-Fitr, marking the end of Ramadan for Muslims worldwide.
Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman announced that they had separated.
Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman reported separately.
Tony Blair's Labor Party was elected to another term in the United Kingdom election.
Tony Blair's Labour Party elected for second term in UK general election.
To the end of the century, he tatnomunumo Games, which began on 25 July.
Tuanku Syed Sirajuddin, Raa Perlis IA as the 12th Malaysian King and Malaysian
Tuanku Syed Sirajuddin, Raja of Perlis becomes the 12th Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia
Turkish Army Kills Seventeen PKK rebels crossing the border in Syria.
Turkish film wins the best documentary award for    and Thanet's international film festivals in the UK.
TV series: Oswald
TV Series: Oswald
Twentieth Century Fox opposite ... terrorist dramatic action shows 24 gaps.
Twentieth Century Fox's anti-terrorist drama action show 24  premieres.
Two bombings in quick succession hit a Russian police convoy in the town of Khasavyurt in the Republic of Dagestan.
Two bombs quickly hit by a hit by a Russian police escort in the Hasavjurt Republic of Dagestan.
Two desperate militants and police have been fired during a gun battle in Let Them,  "a" amuo and Kaa wonder.
Two drone strikes kill at least seven of the al-Qaida militants Abyan Yemen.
Two drone strikes kill at least seven suspected al-Qaeda militants in the Abyan Governorate of Yemen.
Two IDF soldiers and at least 50 Palestinians are killed during an Israeli military operation in the Gaza Strip.
Two IDF soldiers and at least 50 Palestinians have been killed during the Israeli military operation in Gaza.
Two small planes collide during an air show in Radom, Poland resulting in the deaths of both pilots
Two small-scale crashes during the absence of Radom, Poland lead to death Both pilots
Two suspected militants and a policeman are shot dead during a gun battle in Tral, Jammu and Kashmir.
Two United States Marine Corps F-18 fighters make a precautionary landing at Taiwan's Tainan Air Force Base.
Two US Navy F-18 hijackers are making ... Garda Alteria ""   "Taiwan Tainan Air Force Base.
Two vilaseni and 10 Naxalites were killed shooting a group of Criminals and Maoists in Munger, India.
Two villagers and 10 Naxalites are killed in firing between a group of criminals and Maoists in Munger, India.
Two walls collapse at the ancient Roman city of Pompeii during heavy rains, the third such incident in a month.
Two walls crumble "in the ancient Roman city of Pompeii during the heavy rains, the third such okaza o monthly.
Typhoon Talim passes over Taiwan, killing at least one person and injuring 24.
Typhoon Talim travels to Taiwan, killing at least one person and injuring 24.
Ukraine is holding presidential elections on October 25.
Ukraine will hold a presidential election on October 25.
Ukrainian journalist Georgiy Gongadze is last seen alive; this day is taken as the commemoration date of his death.
Ukrainian journalist Georgiy Gongadze is living alive;
Un "a" Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon arrives in Cyprus to start dating negotiations in the country.
Unemployment in the Euro zone rises to 10.7 per cent, the highest level in its history.
Unemployment in the United States rises to 5.7 per cent, its highest rate in more than four years.
Unidentified gunmen kill at least 20 police officers in an ambush in northwest Kenya.
Unidentified gunmen kill at least 20 police officers in Northwest Kenya.
Union of French Jewish Workers and Professionals
United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon arrives in Cyprus to begin talks aimed at reuniting the country.
United States drone attack Kills six people in northwest Pakistan.
Unui "The UN Security Council endorsed the UN Security Council Resolutions
Unui "UN orders to Israel to stop evicting Palestinians from East Jerusalem.
Unui "YK "  etas Manual AA "o assistance program to assist Iraqi refuge in Syria.
 urio for the first stage of lawsuit Zacarias Moussaoui has ruled that he is a candidate for the death penalty.
US Air Force Earth   "some T-38C training aircraft after two fatal accidents within 8 days.
US Diplomat John Granville, employed by the US Agency for International Development in Sudan, will be murdered.
US Diplomat John Granville, working for the United States Agency for International Development in Sudan, is murdered.
US employment rises by 5.7 percent, which is "the fastest growth rate for more than four years.
U.S. officials announce they have custody of Ibn al-Shaykh al-Libi.
US President George W. Bush announced his support for federal funding for limited funding for research funding of STAMA "  cells.
US President George W. Bush announces his support for federal funding of limited research on embryonic stem cells.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton presses China to back Iran sanctions for its nuclear program.
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor announces her retirement after 24 years of service on the Court.
US Supreme Judge Sandra Day O'Connor announces his Emeriti "for a 24-year service judgment.
Venezuela orders 34 private radio stations to be closed.
Venezuela's orders for 34 private radio stations to be closed.
Vicente Fox enoficis president in Mexico.
Vicente Fox takes office as President of Mexico.
Vladimir Putin wins the election no matter who the next president is.
Vladimir Putin won the election, no matter who the next president is.
Voters in Burma go to the polls for by-elections for 45 seats, with Aung San Suu Kyi claiming victory in one election.
Voters in the Bolivian departments of Beni and Pando go to the polls for autonomy referendums.
War in Afghanistan : The United States invades Afghanistan, with participation from other nations.
War in Chad
War in North-West Pakistan:A U.S. drone strike kills Hakimullah Mehsud, the leader of the Pakistani Taliban
War in Northwest Pakistan: US drone strike Kills Hakimullah Mehsud, leader of Pakistani Taliban
War is Adio
Water Parasite Cryptosporidium was found in drinking water as a result of the 2002 Glasgow floods.
 ...  ... "Whatever murder and suicide will leave four dead in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Widespread flooding throughout England and Wales after days of heavy rain.
Wikipedia, a Wiki free content encyclopedia, goes online.
Wikipedia Wiki free encyclopedia, goes online.
Wind ... storm in Europe Kills four people AA ... ribbons, two people in Germany, and two people in AEA ,  Republic.
Workers in Taizhou, Jiangsu, China Explore the rest of the 700 year old daughter.
World Bank URA as the People's Republic of China undertook financial reforms to keep its economic growth track.
World leaders attend the Millennium Summit at the United Nations Headquarters .
World leaders will participate in the Millennium Summit at the UN Headquarters.
World stock markets[which?] hit their lowest level in 2012.
World Wrestling Federation about $ 7 million.
World Wrestling Federation as World Wrestling Entertainment As a trademark of the World Wildlife Fund
World Wrestling Federation is renamed to World Wrestling Entertainment due to trademark issues with World Wildlife Fund
Xbox Music Mixer is released.
Xinhua Nova "agentejo reported that 25 A"   coupler of women workers in the Siinai area of Egypt has been released.
Year 2000 problemY2K passes without the serious, widespread computer failures and malfunctions that had been predicted.
Yellow Fever Kills 32 people and males at least 50 more in the Darfur region of Sudan.
Yellow fever kills 32 people and sickens at least 50 more in the Darfur region of Sudan.
Yokey fire in Bangkok, Thailand, killing 61 people and wound more than 200.
Yonhap Nova "agentejo reported that North Korea is Strea's     ante border controls in South Korea to stop transfu'n.
You can brulish the '  , load of kras, and it works with Saudi   s head in Riyadh, killing 22 people and injuring 111.
You can Vladivostokavia Tupolev Tu-154 Jetliner kra ... n   , "e alproksimi  , ,,,,,,,,,,"
